The episode opens with a recap of how Ash caught his Bulbasaur and his Charmander. It seems that his current successful streak is making Ash quite confident. Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking down the road, when they fall into a pit. A group of Squirtle wearing sunglasses peer into the hole, laughing. Ash angrily climbs out of the hole and uses his Pokédex on the Squirtle. He orders Pikachu to use a Thunder Shock, but one of the Squirtle takes the hit for the one that seems to be the leader. A battle ensues, but Officer Jenny soon arrives, scaring away the Squirtle.At the police station, Jenny explains that the group of Squirtle that they met earlier are called the "Squirtle Squad". They are a group of Squirtle that have all been abandoned by their Trainers, and all they do is run wild and play pranks on everyone. Meanwhile, Team Rocket is accosted by the Squirtle Squad, tied to a tree, and all of their food is stolen and eaten. Taking advantage of the Squirtle's mistrust of humans, Meowth tricks them into helping him with Team Rocket's latest plan to finally steal Pikachu. Elsewhere, Misty is fishing while Ash and Brock lie by the riverside. One of the Squirtle Squad members pops up and soaks them with a Water Gun. Ash, having had enough of the Squirtle Squad's antics, confronts the Squirtle when it jumps out of the water. Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.Ash yells for Pikachu to swim to shore, and he starts to, but he can't outswim the Goldeen. Pikachu gets stabbed by Goldeen's horn and knocked back out of the water. Ash runs to help his friend, but three of the Squirtle quickly tie him up, along with Misty and Brock. Later, the three of them are tied to a rock in a cave, with Pikachu in a cage nearby. Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side. Brock realizes that Pikachu in bad shape, and that they need to heal him. Ash begs the Squirtle to let him go into town to get the medicine, and the Squirtle acquiesce. They release Ash on threat of dyeing Misty's hair if he does not return in time, and he sprints to the nearest town. After being knocked out by Gary slamming a door into him, Ash wakes up to hear Team Rocket holding up the store. Before he can chase them down, however, he manages to obtain the medicine and gets a ride back to the cave with Officer Jenny.With the bridge to town broken, Jenny and Ash find another way into the cave, but it is too narrow for an adult, so Ash has to go through it alone. However, he finds that everyone is gone, and he quickly races out of the cave to find Misty, Brock, and Pikachu completely unhurt. Apparently, the Squirtle were bluffing earlier; they may play tricks, but they would never do anything nasty. Pikachu is then promptly healed. Suddenly, however, a flash bomb explosion signifies the arrival of Team Rocket, complete with their motto. They throw down a few more flash bombs, and drop a ladder for Meowth to climb up with Pikachu, whom he apparently nabbed while everyone else was distracted by the bombs. As everyone runs for cover, Ash looks back and sees the leader of the Squirtle Squad fallen on its back and unable to move. Ash quickly races back and dives on top of the Squirtle, protecting it from the ensuing explosions. Another pair of bombs are dropped, and Ash tells the Squirtle to save itself. The Squirtle, however, hefts Ash up over its head and runs for the cave, saving them both.Team Rocket is jubilant with their victory, but Ash interrupts them. Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun. The Water Gun blows a hole in the balloon, sending them blasting off, and Pikachu is saved. However, it turns out there are bigger problems: the Flash Bombs dropped by Team Rocket have started a fire that could burn down the whole town. Fortunately, the Squirtle Squad steps in and puts out the fire with their Water-type attacks, and the town praises them as their new firefighters. Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them. Ash offers the Squirtle the opportunity to join his team, and Squirtle happily accepts.