The episode begins with a crowd of people cheering for our hero, Ash. He throws his Poké Ball, happy to be competing in the Indigo League. However, upon throwing the ball, it comes right back at Ash, becoming ever-so large. Fortunately for him, it was just a nightmare. Unfortunately, he wakes up with Mr. Mime using the vacuum to clean his face.Giving a big yawn, Ash walks into the kitchen where his friends and mother are waiting for him. He tells his mother what had happened, to which she replies that he cleans whatever is dirty. Misty smirks and tells him it was okay to go another week without a bath. When Ash tells Mr. Mime to suck the smirk off Misty's face, Mr. Mime does nothing. His mother claims that Mr. Mime only listens to her and has him go pick vegetables from the garden.The episode then switches to Team Rocket walking down a dirt path to go back to Team Rocket HQ. They begin complaining about how they haven't successfully captured a single Pokémon for their Boss. Too afraid to see what the Boss would say, they quickly yell they quit before trying to run off. Before taking a few steps, the Headquarters explodes and a mysterious Pokémon flies out of the debris. Team Rocket turns around and run toward the Headquarters.Once their boss sees them, he automatically assumed that they have more bad news for him. Frightened, Jessie and Meowth hide behind James. Before he can answer, a helicopter comes for Giovanni. Jessie asks if there is anything they can do, to which Giovanni replies that they can do their job for a change. He then boards the helicopter with his Persian. With renewed confidence, Team Rocket aspires to catch more Pokémon, while Meowth mentions to go on with the show.The episode then switches to Professor Oak's laboratory. Professor Oak seems excited to see Togepi.Ash seems unhappy when he sees Gary, his long-time childhood friend and bitter rival, and Professor Oak's grandson. They both immediately begin to argue before Professor Oak tells them that the two top Trainers of Pallet Town should get along. Both are in disbelief that the other could be considered a 'top Trainer.' Then Krabby walks over with a few drinks. Once Gary gets a look at Ash's Krabby, he doesn't think much of it. Professor Oak then goes on to talk about the other Trainers from Pallet Town. They were off to a great start, but couldn't cut it because of the lack of skills. Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place. Of course, Ash has no idea because he came to find that out. Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing. Ash figured that he'd beat them all, but Gary thought that he'd beat Ash either way.The episode switches to a view of Ash's house. A doorbell rings and Ash's mom goes to answer it. Team Rocket is at the door, disguised as a news crew. They claim they are from PNN, Pokémon News Network for short, and they want to interview her son for a show called 'Pokémon Masters of Tomorrow'. Upon asking if Ash is home, they are literally swept off their feet by Mimey doing his chores. Delia tells them that her son is with his friends at Professor Oak's laboratory.Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby. He then goes on to say that he rotates his Pokémon, and that Ash probably didn't. He also states that Ash probably uses the same Pokémon all the time. Brock asks what kind of Pokémon Gary would use against his Geodude. Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use. Misty then answers that Ash would use Pikachu. Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.Finally, Gary asks him how many Pokémon he's captured. Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100. However, Gary captured way more Pokémon than Ash did. Gary then suggests to go see all of the Pokémon he's caught, and Professor Oak agrees.Upon arriving at the lab where Professor Oak keeps all of the Pokémon from Pallet Trainers, there seems to be thousands of Pokémon. Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively. Gary is then shown to have caught 200 Pokémon, if more than one of the same types are included. Gary says that the more Pokémon a Trainer has, the better chance of winning. Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.Professor Oak goes on to explain that people have different personalities, thus different ways of caring for Pokémon. He also says that Pokémon needed to be respected and cared for like people. Brock asks if that was why he decided to take care of so many different Pokémon. Professor Oak tells them that is exactly the reason, because he wants to learn more about Pokémon and their mysteries.The episode switches to Team Rocket, out of their disguises. They take the back route to Professor Oak's research field. By accident, Jessie kicks a pebble into a tree, knocking down Kakuna. In an instant, a swarm of Beedrill fly at them. Team Rocket make a break for it, only to slam into a Snorlax.Again, the episode goes back to the lab. Professor Oak explains his day, and says that he starts off by checking on all of the Pokémon's health. He then decides which to let out of their Poké Balls and into a habitat built especially for that type, and feeds them breakfast. By the afternoon, he studies Pokémon and has recently been studying individual Pokémon of the same types. Then it is time for dinner and he puts the Pokémon back in their Poké Balls.As they walk through the field, a Doduo walks up to the gang. It is revealed to be Gary's Doduo. Professor Oak then states that Pokémon frequently become more and more like their Trainers. Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him. After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.The episode switches back to Team Rocket climbing rocks to get to Professor Oak's lab after escaping the Beedrill. Jessie accidentally grabs hands with a Geodude. Geodude blushes, but is thrown away. When Jessie puts her hand back down, it lands atop of a Sandshrew's head. Sandshrew, unlike Geodude, is angry and scratches Jessie's face multiple times. Then it kicks off Jessie's face and runs off. Suddenly, an angered Onix comes up from out of the ground and starts chasing Team Rocket.The episode then switches back to the gang. Misty is seen admiring the water Pokémon. Ash then compliments that Professor Oak must have all the kinds of Pokémon there are. Professor Oak disagrees and says that there are many more Pokémon not yet discovered. Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.Ash and Gary both agree that they want to catch as many Pokémon as they can. Gary then suggests a battle for practice. Before Ash can respond, there is an explosion at the far-end of the field, followed by some smoke. Professor Oak realizes it was coming from the electric Pokémon preserve. Upon arrival, they see that many Voltorb and Electrode have blown up because Team Rocket trotted onto their territory.Team Rocket then tells them that they are there to steal Pikachu. Gary and Professor Oak are stunned to hear a talking Meowth. Team Rocket then does their motto. Gary challenges them to a fight, but before the fight begins, Ash's thirty Tauros stampede at them, sending them blasting off. Gary then makes his departure, saying that he and Ash could have their battle at the Pokémon League. Ash agrees and says that he'd get working right away. Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first. Ash and his friends then begin working on the fence, knowing they'll have plenty of time to train. The Pokémon League isn't for two months.