In a massive stadium, two creatures known as Pokémon are having a battle, directed by the Trainers to give it their all. One of the Pokémon, a Gengar, uses its Hypnosis attack on its opponent, a Nidorino, causing it to fall asleep. Nidorino's Trainer recalls it and sends out another Pokémon, Onix to battle. The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television. Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer. Ash declares to himself (and the Pokémon of the world) that he will become a Pokémon Master. His speech, however, is interrupted by his mom who tells him to get to bed as he has a big day tomorrow. Ash protests that he's too excited to sleep, so his mom tells him if he won't sleep then to at least get ready for the next day as she switches on a program hosted by the town's Pokémon expert, Professor Oak. Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.As Ash sleeps, he goes over the choices in his head reasoning that any of the three available Pokémon are good for starting Trainers. However his Voltorb alarm clock rolls into his hand as he sleeps and, dreaming that he's throwing a Poké Ball, chucks it onto the wall, smashing it. When Ash finally wakes up, he sees the sun high in the sky and realizes he overslept. Ash runs to the lab, in such a hurry he doesn't change out of his pyjamas, and at this point doesn't care which starter he gets as long as he gets any. He arrives at the lab just in time to see one of his new fellow Trainers (and Professor Oak's grandson), Gary, leaving. Unfortunately for Ash, Gary is very overconfident and brags that he was on time and already has his first Pokémon although he refuses to reveal which one he got. Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving. As the crowd follows, Ash is left by himself but not for long as Professor Oak approaches. Ash apologizes for being late (and hardly being dressed for the occasion) but tells Professor Oak he's ready to pick his first Pokémon.Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty. Oak explains that Squirtle has already been claimed by a Trainer that was on time. Ash doesn't mind as he decides to instead go with Bulbasaur, whom has also been taken already. Ash is still happy to go with Charmander but, alas, that Pokémon is gone too with someone who wasn't late. Ash asks if this means there are no Pokémon left for him, and Oak tells him this isn't exactly true as he does have another Pokémon but it is very unusual. At this point, Ash is willing to settle for anything and tells Oak he'll take whatever it is. A fourth Poké Ball emerges onto the pedestal and Ash picks it up, upon which point it opens and from it emerges a small yellow mouse-like Pokémon. Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters. He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match. Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both. Heading outside, Ash finds his mom and a small group of supporters outside ready to wish him luck as he heads out on his Pokémon journey. Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon. Ash realizes she's right and tells Pikachu to go inside, but Pikachu refuses constantly returning the ball. Ash's mom simply assumes the two are playing catch but admits she finds Pikachu 'weird'. Pikachu doesn't take kindly to this comment and shocks everyone in the area except Professor Oak who remarks that the rubber gloves that were packed will come in handy since rubber doesn't conduct electricity.Ash and Pikachu begin their long journey walking beyond the outskirts of Pallet Town... or rather, Ash (wearing the rubber gloves) is walking while Pikachu, who is tied to a clothesline like a leash, has to be literally dragged along. Ash tries talking to Pikachu, but all he learns is that the Pokémon can only say its name and doesn't like him at all. Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined. Deciding to make life easier for Pikachu, Ash removes the leash and rubber gloves but Pikachu still isn't impressed. Just then the two hear footsteps behind them and find they're close to a Pidgey. Ash looks up Pidgey in the Pokédex and finds that the small bird is a flying-type Pokémon which is gentle, easy to catch and a good choice for a beginning trainer. Ash is happy at the chance to test Pikachu's skills and tries to send him to battle but Pikachu refuses instead deciding to climb a tree and watch. Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey. The ball connects and Pidgey is drawn inside, leading Ash to think he's captured it. However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first. Pikachu finds Ash ineptitude hilarious while Ash gets more worked up, determined to show Pikachu what he can do. He decides to try sneaking up on Pidgey with his pajama shirt, but when he covers it the Pokémon unleashes its Gust and Sand Attack in response. Ash is sent crashing to the ground and Pidgey flies away. As Ash bemoans his bad luck, he then notices another Pokémon rifling through his bag. He chases it away as the Pokédex identifies it as Rattata, a normal-type that lives in the forest. When Ash states that they're not in a forest, the Pokédex goes on to explain that occasionally Rattata will emerge to steal food from stupid travellers. As Pikachu laughs further, Ash notices some more Pidgey nearby and throws a stone at them in frustration. Just then he spots what he thinks is a lone Pidgey nearby and is determined to finally catch this one. He throws another stone and it makes a direct hit... only it turns out not to be a Pidgey but instead a much angrier looking bird-type Pokémon. Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning. Ash then sees Spearow flying directly at him, however as it passes Spearow spots Pikachu in a tree and decides to attack him instead. The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.Spearow is down, but it's not out and it lets out a loud cry. In the distance, Ash and Pikachu spot a large flock of Spearow emerging from a tree and heading straight towards them. The two decide to make a run for it, and quickly try to get away as the furious flock give chase. Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse. By the time Ash catches up, Pikachu is very weak and can no longer run, so Ash picks his Pokémon and carries him away. The two come to a fast flowing river and Ash, needing to get away from the still angry Spearow quickly, jumps in and allows himself and Pikachu to be swept away, during which he very nearly becomes lunch for a Gyarados.Further down the river, where there's no current, a young girl is enjoying a leisurely fish when the lure starts to react. The girl quickly grabs her rod to reel in what she thinks will be a big one, but instead yanks out Ash and Pikachu. She is disappointed, but then notices Pikachu's condition and tells angrily tells Ash he should never let his Pokémon get into such a bad condition. She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby. As she points out the direction Ash needs to go, he notices the flock of Spearow has caught up. Ash decides to make a getaway on the girl's bike (putting Pikachu in the basket) despite her protests, promising that he'll eventually give it back much to her anger.As Ash rides for dear life, a thunderstorm starts. With rain falling and the Spearow flock still on his tail, Ash rides as fast as he can. However the Spearow catch up and start to attack him, and this coupled with the dangerous conditions eventually cause Ash to fly off a small bank crashing to the ground. Lying in the mud, Ash spots Pikachu nearby weaker than ever. Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow. Deciding he's done running, Ash stands before the Spearow and announces that he refuses to be beaten by the likes of them if he's going to be a Pokémon Master, vowing to defeat them all. Pikachu sees that Ash is willing to sacrifice himself to save him and, just before the Spearow flock can hit, jumps onto his shoulder then into the air. Pikachu is struck by lightning causing him to let out a massive Thunder Shock which throws Ash back onto the ground.Soon, the rain has cleared and the sun is shining. Ash and Pikachu are lying unconscious near the smouldering remains of the bike they stole. The two wake up and find the Spearow flock has gone. The two weakly note that despite everything, they managed to defeat their attackers together and finally a friendship is formed. Just then a shimmering golden Pokémon flies overhead towards a rainbow. Ash wonders what it was, and the Pokédex can't identify it but explains that there's many Pokémon species yet to be discovered. After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come. Reaching a bank, Ash spots Viridian City in the distance and heads towards it having taken the first of many steps on his Pokémon journey.