As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill. Ash turns around, realizing that the sound came from his female companion. She is hiding in a tree because she has seen a bug, to which Ash suggests it to be a cowterpie. Then he spots the bug, a Weedle, and decides to catch it. He tries to use Pikachu against it, but since he is asleep, he sends out his Pidgeotto instead. Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives. The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle. The wild Weedle escapes and Ash reprimands the samurai for causing him to lose the Weedle, but the samurai says Ash allowed it to escape. The two then begin their Pokémon battle.Ash uses his Pidgeotto and the samurai battles with his Pinsir. The two battle for some time, but Pinsir manages to defeat Pidgeotto. Ash then sends out his Metapod. Metapod breaks Pinsir's pincers with Harden, winning the round. The samurai then sends out his own Metapod! The two Metapod continue to harden themselves, leaving Misty and Pikachu wondering if the match will ever end. Suddenly, a swarm of Beedrill angrily interrupt and kidnap Ash's Metapod. Ash tries to recall Metapod, but he misses and it gets away. The samurai takes Ash, Misty and their Pokémon to a safe place.In the samurai's hiding place, the samurai furiously rebukes Ash for putting his Metapod in danger. Ash keeps quiet, and promises himself that he will find Metapod the next day and look after him better from then on. During the night, he is unable to sleep and can only think about his Metapod.Early the next morning, Ash begins his search for Metapod. He sees him lying at the base of a tree, surrounded by many Kakuna, and attempts to sneak forward through the grass towards him without alerting the Beedrill swarm. However, he is interrupted by Meowth, who jumps on the back of his head. A moment later, Jessie and James appear on a cliff overhead, and launch loudly into their motto, ignoring Ash's warnings that they will alert the Beedrill.Sure enough, the sound awakens the Kakuna, which evolve into Beedrill and prepare to dive-bomb Ash and Team Rocket. Ash runs forward below their attacks, reaching the tree where Metapod is waiting. Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.Ash attempts to recall Metapod to his Poké Ball, but he rolls away from his arms. Seeing a look of sorrow in Metapod's eyes, Ash realizes that he has lost Metapod's trust. Ash attempts to explain what happened, saying that losing Metapod was all Samurai's fault. However, Ash suddenly realizes that he is lying to himself and to Metapod, and admits that losing Metapod was his fault and his alone. Ash is upset upon realizing that it was his carelessness that put his Pokémon's life in danger, and, amid tearful apologies to Metapod, he sincerely promises to take better care of him. His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm. Ash picks up his Metapod and cradles him in his arms, thinking he has been badly injured, but he instead begins to glow; the hole in his shell has triggered Metapod's evolution into Butterfree. Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them. He orders his newly evolved Butterfree to use Sleep Powder, which puts the bee-like Pokémon to sleep and allows the group to escape. Samurai applauds Ash for being able to control his Butterfree well so soon after its evolution. Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday. Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest. Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind. Team Rocket, meanwhile, are left wrapped up like Kakuna among a hive of angry Beedrill.