Ash and his friends travel on a pathway through some mountains, as they figure out how to get to the Fuchsia Gym. Brock comments that Fuchsia Gym should be right over the mountain, but realizes that they are surrounded by many mountains. Elsewhere in the forest, Team Rocket is having a picnic and getting ready to eat their lunch. Jessie says that she is having Chinese food, James says that he's just having tea and crumpets, and Meowth says that he will have no food since he is getting a gut, and is working out. An explosion is heard as the screen shakes. Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket all wonder where that explosion came from. Team Rocket's food spilled all over them, as they are very upset that they didn't even get to eat their food. Everyone runs to where the explosion came from, as they see trucks drive by.A large rock falls from the wall, as holes in the ground send all of the trucks crashing to the ground. Everyone looks shocked as they watch it happen. Team Rocket comments that it's a lot of destruction, but they didn't even cause it. Pikachu hears Pokémon saying Diglett over and over from underneath the ground. A Diglett pops out of the ground, as Pikachu greets it, and Diglett goes back underground. The foreman comes out of his truck and says that he can't take it anymore. Ash and his friends go to him, as he tells them to look at the Diglett in the distance. The Diglett are dropping in and out of the ground, as Misty comments that they are very cute. The foreman yells at Misty, and says that the Diglett are preventing them from building a dam. Ash scans Diglett with his Pokédex which says that people can recognize their movement them from the upturned earth. Ash comments that he doesn't see any upturned earth. The foreman says that it is because the ground is covered with concrete, but if they look closely they can see the movement. Misty comments that it looks like a mini earthquake. The foreman says that they may not be able to achieve their dream of building the "Great Giva Dam." An explosion causes a large rock to fall from the wall. Brock asks the foreman if the blasting is a part of building the dam. The foreman says that it is a part of building the dam, and that they cannot get supplies through because of the Diglett.The foreman explains that they came up with a special division to come up with strategies to get rid of the Diglett. They are looking for any Pokémon Trainer to help them get rid of the Diglett. He is offering a reward of a six night, seven day stay at the Giva hot springs resort for anyone who can get rid of them. Ash tells him that they are able Pokémon Trainers. The foreman thinks that they were the ones called in, as Gary arrives with a few trucks behind him and says that the invited Pokémon Trainers have arrived. Gary notices Ash, and says that it must be a coincidence that he is there since only the best Trainers such as himself were invited. Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth. He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer. Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.Gary says that if he's going to show anything off, it would be his personal fan club. Ash asks if they are Pokémon, as Brock hits him in the head and tells him to not be dumb. Brock asks who the girls are, and Gary explains that they are friends of his. Brock asks the girls if they want to go out with him some time, and they all respond by saying yes sir. Misty comments that Brock is over the hill. Brock asks the girls for phone numbers, addresses, or email addresses, while the foreman begs for someone to go after the Diglett. Gary and his girls drive off to stop the Diglett. Brock doesn't get their phone numbers, while Ash says that he can't let Gary beat him. Team Rocket comments that they are Pokémon Trainers, and that if they win the stay at the resort, that they would love some rest and relaxation. Meowth makes a phone call and asks if he could be switched to a less embarrassing team, as a loud wind passes them by. A large rock breaks off from the wall of a cliff, as the foreman addresses the Pokémon Trainers. Ash comments that there are a lot of Trainers, as the foreman yells to him to listen and not talk. Ash didn't like that he didn't call him by name. He calls himself the loser of Pallet Town, and breaks down. Brock tells him not to get worked up about Gary, and that he can still catch up to him. Jessie says that her name is Jessie, with no one to hear her say it. Team Rocket calculates that there would be a lot of Pokémon that the Trainers have, that they could steal. They realize though that with only Koffing and Ekans, they can't possibly take on all of their Pokémon. They look sad, as they try to figure out how to go after the Trainers' Pokémon. Meowth suggests a sneak attack, but they say that it always fails. They decide to go with plan B, which is the principle of induced evolution.The foreman shows a large pull-down sheet that has a no-Diglett picture on it. He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything. Ash calls Gary a show off that thinks he knows everything. The foreman says that they may be small, but in large numbers can be very destructive. He sees the Diglett coming, as they take down a truck. Gary steps forward and says for everyone to watch the top Pokémon Trainer at work. His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett. The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary. Gary thanks the Diglett, but realizes that it wasn't supposed to happen that way. Gary throws another Poké Ball which contains his strongest Pokémon. The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett. Everyone else throws all of their Poké Balls, but all of the Diglett give them back to their Trainers. Misty comments that at least the Diglett are polite, as Brock adds that they are also unstoppable. Ash says that since they are underground, he will use his Squirtle to face the Diglett. Pikachu tries to stop Ash, but he had already thrown the Poké Ball. Squirtle also refuses to come out of its Poké Ball. Gary says that none of the Pokémon will come out, and that for some reason they do not want to battle the Diglett. Ash asks Pikachu if that is what's going on, and Pikachu nods yes. The foreman tries to hit the Diglett with a hammer, but Gary says it won't work since the Diglett may not be super strong, but they are really fast. Ash says that Gary must have really been studying, as Gary replies that he has, unlike Ash. Gary says that since none of the Pokémon want to battle, there is no reason for them to stay unless they want to see the foreman continue to try to hit the Diglett with a hammer. Gary says that he needs to continue on his journey to become a Pokémon Master, and drives away in the car. Ash says that he doesn't like him. Brock never was able to get the girls' phone numbers.That night, Ash and his friends are taking a bath in some hot water outside. Misty says that she can't understand why the Pokémon wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls. Ash asks Pikachu why that is, and Pikachu points to where the Diglett are. Ash and friends follow them. While they are following the Diglett, they pass by the foreman who keeps trying to hit the Diglett with a hammer. Meanwhile, Team Rocket is reading about how to evolve their Pokémon, and find out that Pokémon must have a lot of experience before they can evolve. They say that Pokémon change when they evolve, and that they've known both Koffing and Ekans for a long time. They ask how can they evolve them as they hug the Pokémon. As Team Rocket hugs their Pokémon and cry, their tears touch both Pokémon as they turn white and begin to evolve. Meowth comments that their time to evolve is now. The evolved forms were not yet shown to the viewers at this stage. Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.Ash and his friends look on as they see Dugtrio dig around, and Diglett planting the trees. Ash scans Dugtrio with his Pokédex. Brock comments that it must be Diglett and Dugtrio's home. He explains that they play and work together on that mountain range, with Dugtrio plowing through the ground, and Diglett planting the trees. He also explains that the whole mountain range was built by them, and that maybe more gardens, forests, and mountain ranges across the world were also built by Diglett and Dugtrio. The foreman comments that if they finish the dam, then the whole mountain range would get flooded and no Pokémon would be able to live there. They realize that the Pokémon figured that out before they did, and that's why they wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls. Brock comments that they have a lot to learn about the ways of the Pokémon. The foreman decides that they will stop their work on the dam, as Diglett and Dugtrio continue working in the garden.Team Rocket shows up and does their motto as Meowth interrupts them by saying that they know the rest. Ash tells them that they are not in the mood to deal with them today. Jessie says that they are in a good enough mood to share with them a special treat. As they wear Japanese outfits, hold fans, and fireworks go off above, they begin to introduce their new Pokémon. Jessie introduces her new Pokémon, as her Ekans has evolved into Arbok. James introduces his new Pokémon, as his Koffing has evolved into Weezing. Music plays in the background, and fireworks go off, as Team Rocket prepares to attack. Ash brings out Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur to attack them. Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack. Arbok digs underground, while Weezing follows it. Diglett and Dugtrio say their name a few times, with Team Rocket saying it once. Underground the Diglett and Dugtrio are beating up Arbok and Weezing, as they come out of the ground with bumps and are knocked out. Diglett and Dugtrio pop out of the ground, and form a tall group of them with mud. Team Rocket looks scared, as the group comes toward them. Team Rocket and their Pokémon ride on top of the Diglett and Dugtrio group and act as if they are surfing. Team Rocket sees the dam up ahead, and crash into it and hit the ground hard.Ash and Misty comment that Team Rocket never do learn their lesson or catch a break. The foreman comments that he definitely learned his lesson. Ash comments that their stay wasn't a waste after all. Brock says that they are in luck, that Fuchsia City is just over the mountains. Team Rocket comes out of the ground, as a sign falls on their head. They read that the sign says that the dam project is cancelled and they are disappointed by that. Ash and his friends head off towards Fuchsia Gym.