Ash, Misty, and Brock are trekking through a forest looking for Fuchsia Gym, when they decide to take a break at a lake. They sit by a lake with Pikachu, Vulpix and Psyduck. Misty tells Psyduck that drinking cold water will only make its headache worse. Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck. However, he refuses. As they head off for the Gym, a Venonat watches them from the trees.As Ash and his friends continue walking, they end up at an odd-looking mansion where they stop to ask directions. They end up at an old house and open the door to find an empty corridor. Misty leans against a wall and falls through it. The others search the wall and eventually open it up to find her. There, they see the same Venonat that was spying on them before. It hops away, so they decide to follow it. It runs around a corner, and when they run after it, Ash hits his face on an invisible wall. They turn around to leave, only to hit another wall. Ash then falls out of the side of the house and is hanging on. The others manage to pull him up, and Ash starts to go through the door. Misty and Brock hear him yell, and go through the door to find an empty room. They call for Ash, and the door closes behind them to reveal him stuck to a wall with throwing stars. Then a girl who identifies herself as Aya falls down onto them. Aya says that she will not let them go until Ash and her have a battle. He accepts, and she sends out Venonat. Ash chooses Bulbasaur. Bulbasaur uses Tackle but Venonat jumps out of the way. Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind. Bulbasaur then finishes it off with Leech Seed. Aya returns Venonat and a Voltorb appears and selfdestructs. Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader. He says Aya is his sister and that he will battle Ash, and not let them go until he does.Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat. Having just defeated Aya's Venonat, Ash is noticeably confident. However, Koga warns Ash that his Venonat has a lot more experience. As if to drive the point home, Venonat chooses that moment to evolve into Venomoth. The battle begins. Koga orders Venomoth to use Stun Spore. Ash responds to this the same way he did in his battle against Aya, by ordering Pidgeotto to use Whirlwind. This time, however, Stun Spore wins out and paralyzes Pidgeotto. Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander. Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower. At that point, Team Rocket arrives and send out Arbok and Weezing. Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them. Pikachu then steps up, only to meet the same fate from Jessie. Koga then pulls a cord, opening up panels in the ceiling, and unleashing a large amount of Voltorb on the trio. However, Team Rocket uses more of their sticky goop to reel in the entire pack of Voltorb. Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball. Misty, seething with rage, asks Ash what moves Psyduck knows. Ash consults the Pokédex, which lists Tail Whip. Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry). The Pokédex then lists Psyduck's second move as Scratch. On Misty's order, Psyduck uses Scratch on Arbok. Not only does this not work, Arbok begins biting Psyduck's head, worsening its headache. At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu. Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion. Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world." Ash and Koga continue their battle outside. Ash chooses Charmander and Koga chooses Golbat. Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.