Ash, Misty, and Brock came across a bridge during their travels. They wanted to walk on it but an officer named Norman said only the bike track was ready, not the actual road. Devastated, the group then attempted to get a bike but was unsuccessful. When they arrived at the Pokémon Center to think of a plan to get a bike, they found a worried Nurse Joy. She said she had to deliver medicine for injured Pokémon over the bridge to Sunnytown, but she could not leave the center because she had Pokémon to attend to. Ash and Misty agreed enthusiastically. As they rode joyfully across the bridge, James, Jessie and Meowth sailed slowly below the bridge. Jessie made plans.Just after Ash and his group finished their refreshments, a strange group of wild bikers came. They tried to escape but were surrounded. The leader of the gang, Chopper, challenged Ash to a battle. He sent out Golem and Ash sent out Bulbasaur. Golem easily defeated it with a single Tackle. Ash then sent out Charmander. Charmander set Golem on fire with a Flamethrower and an Ember. Golem tackled Charmander but ended up setting fire to three of the gang's members. Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.Next, Tyra, the other leader of the bike gang, sent out Cloyster. Misty wanted to battle and tried to send out Starmie but Psyduck appeared. Misty decided to give it a chance, which got Tyra laughing her head off. Psyduck was clueless and the bike gang cracked up in laughter. Psyduck used Tail Whip and again, the bike gang laughed at it. After a few rounds of this humiliation, Team Rocket arrived and said their motto. But it appeared that Team Rocket were heroes in the bike gang's view. Jessie was called "Chain Jess" because she used to swing a chain around as she rode her bike. James was called "Little Jim" because he was the only one in the group who had used training wheels. Just as Team Rocket and the bike gang attacked Ash, Misty and Brock, the police arrived. The bike gang immediately rode off, almost leaving Team Rocket behind. When Officer Jenny arrived, she offered them a ride but then said she had a job to do. The weather got ferocious and turned into a storm. Meanwhile, Chopper and Tyra challenged Team Rocket to ride through the storm on their unicycles.In Sunnytown, Nurse Joy was worried that medicine wasn't arriving to cure the injured Pokémon, a Shellder.Then, a ship passed by and the bridge lifted up but Ash was determined to save the sick Pokémon, for it would have been too late if they had stopped for the bridge to go back down. Meanwhile, Team Rocket are trying their hardest to pedal their unicycles up the other side of the upturned bridge. Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side. As they passed the bike gang, they challenged Ash to a battle. Ash, of course, refused and told them he's delivering medicine for a sick Pokémon. The bike gang realized now why they were riding through the storm and joined them. Nurse Joy in Sunnytown was relieved when the bike gang and Ash arrived with the medicine. The bike gang's new heroes were "Awesome Ash" and "Mighty Misty". Then, Brock tells Tyra that she can call him "Honey", only to receive a large, red slap across his face.