Ash and his friends find themselves in a town on the same day as a carnival. Excited to party, Brock and Ash change into funny outfits and start dancing. Misty and Pikachu, embarrassed, walk away, go on some rides, and eat some ice cream. Soon after, Misty notices a woman shouting at a man with an Exeggcute. The woman shouts something about a payment the man owes her, shoves him back into a box, and walks away. Misty asks the man if everything is alright and he asks her if she'll be his assistant for his magic show, since his previous assistant just quit. He introduces himself as Melvin and conjures some flowers and flags. Misty agrees to help him, but just for the day.Misty is forced to wear a leotard adorned with Goldeen fins and is embarrassed, but, luckily, only four people showed up to the show. Unfortunately, Ash and Brock arrive and Ash laughs at her while she is on stage. Melvin then starts to juggle his Exeggcute and everyone, even Misty, thinks it's boring. Melvin then pulls out a wand and a tiny flame comes out; the crowd falls back and makes exclamations like "That was pathetic!" He tries again, and a huge jet of flame comes out. Misty tells him to be careful, but he's so thrilled the trick actually worked that he doesn't listen to her and the fire sprinkler system in the building activates, drenching the audience. The carnival manager fired Melvin because of the stunt and wants to give up all his dreams, but Ash and co. promise to give him some tips.Ash performs his own trick involving a "magic" box with fire and water "magically" shooting out of the top, but it really just contains Charmander, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur. The three Pokémon get into a fight inside the box and subsequently ruin Ash's trick. Ash says that Melvin's Exeggcute doesn't do much, so it uses Hypnosis on him. Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur. After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.Melvin then commands Ash to pull him into the Leaf Forest. Team Rocket sees Melvin and Ash and starts to follow them. Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized. The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon. Team Rocket makes an entry and says their motto, then ties Melvin up. His Exeggcute evolves into an Exeggutor without warning, and then uses Hypnosis on Team Rocket. The other Exeggutor copy this and end up hypnotizing each other, causing them to go on a rampage toward the town. Jessie, James, and Meowth are hypnotized into believing they are Exeggutor, and follow the heard. Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor. Ash is no longer hypnotized.The four of them head for town, where they see that the carnival has been almost entirely destroyed, and discover the Exeggutor mob is turning around and coming back their way. The carnival owner tells them he's planted a time bomb so that when the Exeggutor come back, they'll be blown up. Ash, Brock, and Misty are of course opposed to this, so they decide to try to stop the Exeggutor before they reach the bomb. Ash sends out Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander in an attempt to stop the heard. Squirtle and Bulbasaur's attacks don't have much of an effect. Ash calls those two back into their Poké Balls, and orders Charmander to attack. The Lizard Pokémon's fire attacks successfully stop some of the Exeggutor. It quickly becomes exhausted, however, and the Exeggutor keep charging forward. Misty tries to convince Melvin to use his fire trick to stop the Exeggutor, and, although he's positive he'll fail, he tries anyway. The trick ends up working, and together with Charmander, they stop the Exeggutor. Melvin's Exeggutor returns to him, resulting in Melvin running up to it and giving it a hug. The time bomb then goes off just a distance away, destroying the carnival, and, to their relief, no one gets hurt from the blast. Suddenly, Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and shoots a flame at Ash's face, its loyalty to Ash now in question. Team Rocket gets carried away by the Exeggutor, and the gang continues on their journey.