While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill. Brock suggests that it needs to find a bigger pool to swim in, and so, the gang decides to head for Misty's home town, Cerulean City. When they get there, they discover that Misty's sisters at the Cerulean Gym are having trouble attracting crowds to their performances and have advertised Misty to be in a new performance called the "Underwater Ballet." Misty is reluctant to be a part of this at first, but finally agrees after much begging from her sisters. They then celebrate.The whole Gym fills up with people eager to see the show. Ash and Brock are sitting among the audience, and Ash is excited to see Misty. The show starts smoothly with Misty swimming with the water Pokémon. While Lily and Violet (in costume) are watching Team Rocket attacks them and replaces them to be the antagonists of the show. Daisy, who had been taking tickets, hears her cue on the pre-recorded voiceover and goes to change. Ash and Brock rush past them to help Misty. Confused at this, Daisy hears banging on a nearby locker, and finds Lily and Violet bound and gagged. An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok. Despite being outnumbered, Arbok is able to defend itself against Horsea, Seaking, Squirtle and Starmie.The battle continues and the audience are completely convinced that it's all part of the show and are practically enjoying it. Although Weezing floats to the surface, unable to be underwater, Arbok dominates its opponents and rounds them up, looking to finish them off. As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice. After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more. The crowd goes wild, an obvious fact that they enjoyed the show. Because of this, the Cerulean Gym shows are popular again.Before departing, Misty decides to leave Horsea in the Gym, and her sisters also borrow her Starmie. They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for. After all that, Ash and his friends bid farewell to the Sensational Sisters to continue their journey. As they leave Cerulean City, Ash says that Misty was pretty amazing back there, but Misty reminds him that he still owes her a bike.