Jigglypuff sings its song in the woods, putting a Pidgey and a Caterpie to sleep. After scribbling on their faces, it sees a UFO land. Jigglypuff walks over to it to see some Clefairy get out.Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them. They chase Clefairy, but while they are gone, more Clefairy steal their ice cream and backpacks. When Ash and his friends go to Officer Jenny, they discover that many others have been robbed as well. A man named Oswald believes this to be the work of aliens.While searching for the aliens, they see a UFO land in front of them. Two aliens come out and abduct Pikachu, but they are really Jessie and James in disguise. They put Pikachu in a glass container that absorbs electricity into a lightbulb. The UFO is really being operated by Meowth, using a crane. Ash summons his Pidgeotto, which brings down the UFO. Before the battle with Team Rocket can continue, Clefairy appears, and Oswald's scanner says that it is an alien. It says the same thing about Jigglypuff when it shows up. When the scanner says Misty is an alien (although it might really be reacting to Togepi), she knocks it out of his hand, breaking it. Oswald then says "You broke my scanner! It took me weeks to ensemble that scanner! What if I can't find the comic book I ordered it from?"A Clefairy grabs Pikachu and runs off with him, still trapped in his shockproof container. Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave. There they see the Clefairy have been using their stolen items to build a spaceship attached to a rocket, and they plan to use Pikachu's electricity to power it and make it blast off. Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny. Team Rocket also enters, intending to steal Pikachu and all the Clefairy.Inside the ship, Jigglypuff defeats all the Clefairy except for the leader, in the cockpit, where Oswald tries to pull a lever, but it breaks off. It turns out to be Jigglypuff's microphone/marker, which Jigglypuff takes and then sings its song, putting everyone inside the ship to sleep. The ship is timed to take off, and does. The stolen items are all lost during takeoff, and are returned to their rightful owners. The rocket, with Team Rocket still aboard, detaches from the ship and falls. Ash finds Pikachu, whose electric attacks are too powerful for his prison, shattering the glass. Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.Later, the Clefairy's UFO returns and lands in a small village, where Oswald gets out, inside cardboard box with a helmet, as he believes himself to be on the Clefairy's home planet. The Clefairy come out, and take more items from the inhabitants.Ash and his friends continue their Pokémon journey, unaware that Jigglypuff is following them.