Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field. Gary's Nidoking is pitted against Melissa's Golem. Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss. Nidoking is defeated and Gary is out of the competition. Frustrated by the defeat, Gary heads home. Ash thinks that he's going to lose his Round 4 match on the Grass Field as well, and becomes nervous, but Brock and Misty cheer him on. He then later learns, thanks to Professor Oak, that all of Pallet Town is cheering him on, which only makes him more nervous.Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.At the Grass Field, Ash is getting ready for his next match with Jeanette Fisher. As always, Brock becomes lovestruck and starts to root for Jeanette. Misty admonishes Brock for that. Ash starts off with Bulbasaur, and Jeanette uses Beedrill. The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it. Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, but Beedrill counters with Twineedle. Bulbasaur dodges the attack again. Misty is hoping Jeanette may not have more Pokémon like her Beedrill, and Brock is hoping Jeanette doesn't have a boyfriend. Misty tells him, "There's no way that boyfriend is going to be you, mister, if that girl beats Ash!". Ash has Bulbasaur use Leech Seed, draining away Beedrill's energy. Brock becomes depressed that Beedrill is losing, but Misty angrily reminds him of who he should be rooting for. Ash then tells Bulbasaur to finish it off using Tackle. Jeanette's Beedrill faints and Bulbasaur wins.Jeanette sends her next Pokémon, Scyther. Bulbasaur launches a Razor Leaf at it, but Scyther uses Double Team to evade. Scyther gets in a few hits before Ash gets the idea to use Vine Whip on all the targets, so Bulbasaur will eventually hit the real one. The plan works, and Scyther is knocked out.Unwavering, Jeanette sends out her last Pokémon - Bellsprout. Ash laughs at first, saying she must be desperate to use something so obviously weak. Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.Ash is shocked at this loss. Brock realizes that Jeanette's Bellsprout must be exceptionally trained, or else it would not be used in a League battle. Ash sends out Pikachu to try to fight. Pikachu uses ThunderShock, but Bellsprout dodges the attack, and uses Razor Leaf. Pikachu was able to dodge and tries to use Thunderbolt, but Bellsprout's roots keep him ingrained and immune to electric attacks. Pikachu now tries to do some punching and kick-boxing but Bellsprout slams Pikachu & defeats him.Down to his last Pokémon, Ash pauses for a second and sends out... Muk. Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon. Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off. Ash wins the battle, and has now cleared all four preliminary fields.