After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself. A toast is held as everyone digs into the food. Misty suggests letting their Pokémon out to enjoy the food as well. Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.Team Rocket, in disguise, man a venue cooking food for the party. When Ash places an order, they decide to sabotage it with extremely hot sauces. Ash takes the food back as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon take the first bite. The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower). Misty has Staryu cool them down. Ash laughs at their sensitivity to the spice, but he takes it back when he experiences the spicy meatball. During the confusion, Team Rocket takes Pikachu and runs back to their stand. As they recite their motto, the stand turns into a modified hot air balloon. Ash and his friends toss the food back at them before Team Rocket attempts to escape, with Pikachu hanging from the bottom. Ash has Squirtle attack, but the balloon is too high up. Jessie and Meowth shell the area with bombs, causing panic. Ash sends Pidgeotto after them, with a Quick Attack bursting the balloon. As they descend, Meowth triggers a secondary balloon to stop their fall. Jessie sends out Arbok to shoot down Pidgeotto with Poison Sting. Ash catches his Pokémon before it hits the ground. Furious, Ash decides to send out Charizard to get Pikachu. It appears to disobey him, instead taking notice of the food table nearby. Before Charizard can get anything, Team Rocket continues to bomb the area, destroying the table. Angry, Charizard races after them, deflecting another group of bombs back at the balloon, destroying it and sending Team Rocket blasting off. Charizard catches Pikachu from his free fall and flies back before torching Ash and showing off its power to the guests. Meanwhile, Team Rocket lands in a tree. Something pecks at Jessie as Meowth points out a whole flock of Pidgey and Pidgeotto around them. Jessie tries to look beyond some trees, but a whole flock of Spearow led by a Fearow attack her.Back at Professor Oak’s Lab, the Professor finishes treating Pidgeotto’s wounds. Though Ash feels responsible for putting Pidgeotto at risk, his Pokémon doesn’t hold it against him and nudges him. Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him. It can’t be transported and his grandson Gary is currently occupied. Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball. Nonetheless, they all agree to head off, departing from Ash’s home.As Ash and his friends head off into the forest, they become aware of the lack of activity in the forest. Pikachu looks up and alerts the group to a flock of Spearow, ducking to avoid them as well as the Fearow. Ash scans with his Pokédex and wonders why they are attacking, remembering the Spearow he hit with a rock when he first started.The Fearow swoops around and grabs Ash and Pikachu, flying into the air. Ash orders Pikachu to use ThunderShock, causing the Fearow to drop them into the forest. They land in the same tree that Team Rocket is unable to leave from. Jessie fills him in on the situation as he notices the Pidgey and Pidgeotto. Misty and Brock catch up to Ash as he plans to help the Pidgey family. Ash decides to get Team Rocket to safety first by jumping on the branches, getting the trio onto the ground. The Spearow chase Team Rocket away.Ash tries to get the Pidgey and Pidgeotto to fly away, but they are still hesitant. Ash brings out his own Pidgeotto and has it lead them away. The Flying Pokémon start to soar away, when Fearow returns. Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground. Ash catches up to his hurt Pokémon as the Fearow begins to harass the other Pidgey. Pidgeotto struggles to get up, letting out a cry as it begins to evolve, completing its evolution to Pidgeot! Ash scans with his Pokédex as Pidgeot spreads its wings, wanting Ash to get on. Pikachu joins him as they soar after Fearow. Fearow turns around as Pidgeot fires multiple Gust attacks, hammering the Fearow. A Quick Attack follow-up easily strikes the Fearow. Pikachu then jumps onto the Fearow and launches a Thunderbolt. Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks. Outnumbered, Fearow turns tail and flies away.Back on the ground, as the sun sets, Ash decides to leave Pidgeot with the group to keep the Pidgey and Pidgeotto safe. Pidgeot flies away with the other bird Pokémon, leading them away. Ash and his friends then continue their journey to Valencia Island. Meanwhile Team Rocket is still running away from the Spearow!