As they prepare to depart for Valencia Island, Ash and his friends pick up supplies at a grocery store. Ash suggests walking to the island, but Brock's guidebook says that it will only take less than a day traveling by blimp. While the blimp arrives, two men sponsor a contest where the winner gets a prize just by showing their store receipt to them. Ash shows his receipt, and wins a trip on the blimp. Unbeknownst to the kids, Jessie and James have received an assignment from Giovanni to operate the blimp.Ash and the others reach the blimp yard and see a broken-down blimp. Two men approach them and ask if they are riding the blimp. They then say that the blimp is haunted and full of ghosts. At this point, Jessie and James enter the blimp.Once on board, the group notices how deteriorated the blimp truly is. Meanwhile, Meowth fixes dinner as Jessie and James act as waiters. During some turbulence, Ash complains about the ride, so Jessie and James ask Meowth who's flying the blimp. To their shock, no one is, so the pair desperately commandeer the blimp, but instead fly it into a big storm.Suddenly, Misty notices that Togepi is missing. They set out to find it, while Team Rocket starts looking for the twerps. When Ash and the others reach the inflated portion of the blimp, they encounter what they believe to be a ghost, but it is actually revealed to be Jigglypuff.Eventually, Ash and friends meet up with Team Rocket and begin a Pokémon battle. At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart. Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge. Team Rocket take this opportunity and attempt to steal Pikachu, but their plan is thwarted when the blimp hits a pocket of turbulence, forcing them to fall out of the aircraft. Meowth makes a parachute from some of the blimp's fabric, but Jigglypuff lands on top of it and starts to sing. They fall asleep, and Meowth lets go of the fabric, causing the trio to fall into the ocean and drift away.Ash and the others rush to control the blimp and try to land it. Using their Pokémon, they are able to steer the blimp and crash-land it on Valencia Island. Now safely on land, they continue to Professor Ivy's lab to obtain the GS Ball.