While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure. Ash, Misty and Tracey travel to Sunburst Island, which is famous for its artists and glassblowers. They meet a struggling young shopkeeper named Mateo, who’s seeking inspiration from a Legendary Crystal Onix. Having been unable to find this special Pokémon, Ash and his friends decide to help him in his search. Team Rocket arrives on Sunburst Island as well, and are in awe of the glass shops. Jessie and James start picking up various pieces and admiring them. Meowth yells at them to knock it off, causing Jessie and James to break the glass items they were holding. The shopkeeper hears this, and tells them about the "You break it, you bought it" rule before he puts them to work, since they don't have the money to pay him back for the items they ruined. While they're chopping and carrying wood, they overhear the shop owner and another employee mock Mateo for searching for the Crystal Onix. Team Rocket becomes interested and they leave in search of it. Tracey sends out Venonat to help find the Crystal Onix. Mateo holds up the statue of the Crystal Onix his grandfather sculpted and Venonat scans the image. The group is lead to a series of rocks that are shaped like the body of an Onix. Disappointed, Tracey recalls Venonat and sends out Marill. Tracey plays Marill a recording of Onix's cry and Marill quickly detects something. Marill leads them to a body of water and points across the water to a small island with a cave. The water begins to part and a clear path to the cave is shown. They fall into a hole Team Rocket had dug  to keep them away from the Crystal Onix. After reciting their motto, Team Rocket run off to find the Crystal Onix. Ash and friends climb out of the hole and set off after them. Once they get to the opening of the cave, they discover Team Rocket got caught in their own traps. Misty refuses to help them and they all enter the cave. At the end of the cave they come across a lake. Marill dives in this lake, its tail bobbing above the surface. Marill hops out of the water and then the Crystal Onix bursts out. Team Rocket shows up, free from their traps. Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix. Ash and Misty send out Pikachu and Staryu to counterattack. Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types. Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon. Charmeleon uses Ember and the Crystal Onix is engulfed in flames. Mateo stares at the Crystal Onix, who returns his stares. The Onix then faints into the water. Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix. The Crystal Onix dives back into the water. Back at his shop, Mateo and Charmeleon are busy making a glass figurine. Ash and his friends wave goodbye to Mateo and Marissa. Mateo made Ash a lifelike glass sculpture of Pikachu.