The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak. The narration then returns to the current state, in which Ash and Gary are about to battle.A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines. Gary holds a Poké Ball up, and suggests that maybe the best way for them to proceed would be for each of them to pick just one Pokémon, and have a one-on-one battle to the finish. Ash states that it is fine with him, and looks down at Pikachu. Pikachu appears to nod, and Ash proclaims that he is going to battle with Pikachu. Pikachu springs up and onto the field, and Gary states that it is just as he thought, adding that it is a good choice. Gary sends out his Pokémon, an Eevee. Misty comments that Eevee is cute, but Brock states that looks can be deceiving, pointing out its shiny coat and bright eyes as indicators that Gary is raising it very well. Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon. Brock claims that they should get the match started, and states the one-on-one conditions of the battle, ending with the statement to begin the battle now. Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League. Gary states that he is there to battle, not to talk, and implores what about Ash. Ash fervently exclaims that he is there to beat him, starting the battle by commanding Pikachu to use Quick Attack. Pikachu runs forward, and Gary tells his Eevee to use Reflect attack. A barrier forms around Eevee, and Pikachu rams into it, dissipating it and sending Eevee into the air. Eevee lands without any discernible damage done, as Tracey states that he has seen a lot of Reflect attacks but never one like that. At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all. Misty states that she guesses it means Gary’s Eevee is at a really high level. Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team. Eevee performs the move, and Pikachu attempts to use Thunderbolt on all of them. As the illusionary copies vanish, Ash tells Pikachu to stop, for it is no use and to not waste his electricity. Gary looks to the side, commanding Eevee to use Take Down attack. Pikachu turns his head to the direction Gary looked in, as Eevee runs forward. Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement. Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash. Eevee collides into Pikachu, stunning him and causing him to release Thunder attack too late. Pikachu falls to the ground, weakened, while Eevee lands perfectly with no damage. Pikachu attempts to get up, but is unsuccessful and knocked out. Brock declares that the match is over, and Eevee is the winner. Ash runs up to Pikachu, holding him in his arms. On seeing Pikachu open his eyes, Ash congratulates Pikachu, saying it was a tough battle and he was great. Misty comments that at least they tried their best, and Professor Oak nods knowingly in agreement. Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle. Professor Oak walks over to Gary, stating that it looks like all the training he has been doing has paid off, claiming that he is very impressed with Gary’s progress. Gary rises, thanking his grandfather but replying that he still has a lot of work ahead of him, and raises Eevee’s Poké Ball to spin on his finger. Gary tells Ash that he did a great job, and catches the Poké Ball he was spinning. Gary recalls Eevee, and says goodbye to his grandfather as he prepares to depart. Ash stands up, and exclaims at Gary that next time it is going to be different. Gary continues forward, but raises one hand in the air as he walks, apparently in acknowledgment of Ash’s comment.Ash is then seen sitting on a rock with Pikachu, observing a herd of Tauros running past. Ash then reclines on the rock, staring up at the sky. Misty then appears in his line of vision, asking him if he wants to know where Gary is. Ash mumbles why should he care, but Misty remarks that he is out on a new journey already. Ash, a little shocked, turns around to ask Misty where Gary would be journeying to.At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him. Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult. Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak. Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey. Professor Oak confirms this, adding that it is the reason Gary has been training so hard lately. Misty walks up the stairs, and asks if Professor Oak has been able to figure out anything about the GS Ball yet. Tracey states nothing so far, and the images of boxes of question marks appear on Professor Oak's computer monitor. Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name. Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went. Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League. Ash, quizzical, asks what the Johto League is. Professor Oak responds that it a very challenging League, and that Trainers have to compete and win battles and Badges, at a number of Gyms in the western territories to qualify in the championship. Professor Oak continues to say that Gary is planning to battle as many other Trainers as he can, in the hopes that with all the experience he gets, he will become an even stronger Trainer. Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group. Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League. Pikachu jumps onto his shoulder, and Ash tells Pikachu he knows they will make it. Ash says that he will become a Pokémon Master, and just has to start training as hard as he can. Misty affirms this, adding that ever since the Orange League Ash has been getting a little lazy. Ash, angered, defensively exclaims to Misty that has not been getting lazy. Misty replies that if he had not been lazy, how could he have lost his battle with Gary. Tracey attempts to resolve the situation, asking the two to not fight. Brock claims that he guesses he should have known Ash and Misty would not get along without him. Ash and Misty simultaneously and defensively ask Brock what he is talking about. Brock explains that with him around, they will start training right, eating right, and fighting right, just like they used to. Ash implies that he infers Brock means to rejoin the group, but before he finishes his statement, Brock holds him and claims that Brock is back. Brock points to a direction, stating that they are headed for new adventures, new challenges, and new achievements, concluding with the statement that they are heading west. Misty says to Brock that is fine, but points to the opposite direction and says west is that way. Brock claims that what ever direction they take, they are headed for action. Brock then seems to punch in the direction of east along with Ash, as Pikachu leaps down from Ash’s shoulder to emulate the punching motions. Misty says she will bring her own map before bringing her arm up into the air confidently. Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it. He explains that in a town in Johto there lives a man called Kurt, who is famous for designing special types of Poke Balls, and that if there is anyone who would know anything about what's inside the GS Ball, it would be him.Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League. Ash agrees, saying that they will go there first, then take the GS Ball to Kurt in Azalea Town. Later, Mimey helps Delia with packing some things into Ash’s backpack. She mentions that she was on the phone with Professor Oak and heard that Ash was leaving, so she's going to be cooking up a big dinner for him and his friends. But first, the shopping must be done! A rather over-eager Brock once again tries to outdo Mimey, and after a skirmish between the two, he charges victoriously out the door...without Delia's shopping list.Elsewhere, Team Rocket is dejectedly walking down the road, still smarting over their defeat in the previous episode. Suddenly Meowth notices Gary down the road, headed right their way, and the three decide to ambush him. However, Gary doesn't even notice them and walks right on by. Jessie and James are discouraged once again, and trudge onward, leaving Meowth behind (much to his annoyance).Back at the Ketchum house, dinner is in full swing. Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself. Ash asks what he means by this, to which Tracey replies that Professor Oak is going to let him be his assistant at the lab. Misty says that she kind of wishes he were coming with them, but that she possessed a feeling he might wind up staying there. Professor Oak affirms this, saying that as soon as he met Tracey, he knew he wanted to be his assistant, but it took a while for him to get up the nerve to ask. Tracey states that Ash taught him to always go for what you really want, to which Ash affirms and adds that the next thing he really wants is seconds, biting into the drumstick he was holding. Ash’s mother and Mimey come near Ash, and release confetti into the air. Suddenly two reporters (Jessie and James in disguise) appear in the entranceway of the room.The male reporter explains that they are there to cover the very special occasion live, and the female reporter, approaching the food on the table, tells the male reporter to get a close-up of the food. The female reporter eats a bit of food, and looks over the bewildered persons present in the room. Delia approaches the reporters and demands who they are, but the male reporter asks if she is ready for her close-up, to which she attempts to pose for. The two reporters then proceed to eat some quantity of food, but Brock approaches the female reporter and, seeming suspicious, comments that she looks familiar. On the female reporter’s reminder that it is live (L-Ivy-E), Brock is sullen and does not further interact with them. The female reporter states that they will now be capturing this charming Pokémon (Pikachu in specific) on camera, to which she instructs the cameraman to move in for a closer shot to grab him. The cameraman then presses a button on the camera, and a glove comes out of the camera to grab Pikachu. Misty yells out that they are not reporters as they crash through and escape by means of a window. Ash and Mimey go through the space where the window previously was to pursue Team Rocket. Mimey projects several Light Screens at Team Rocket, but Jessie and James escape. Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth. Ash tells Pikachu to use ThunderShock attack to blow his enclosure to pieces. Pikachu released ThunderShock, but it is unsuccessful as James explains it is rubber-reinforced. Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther. Tracey commands Scyther to use its Slash attack, and Scyther jumps into the air before performing the attack on the camera case. Pikachu is then released, much to the fright of Team Rocket. Ash commands Pikachu to show them his Thunderbolt attack, and Team Rocket is zapped by the attack. Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun. Marill uses Water Gun on Team Rocket, blasting them off. Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit. Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket. Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them. Ash then proclaims that he thinks they can win the Johto League, to which Pikachu seems to agree with.The next morning, the group says their goodbyes, bidding farewell to Pallet Town and resuming their travels.