The episode picks up right where the previous one left off, as Ash prepares to capture a Caterpie in Viridian Forest. He immediately tosses a Poké Ball at Caterpie, who tries to break free but is unsuccessful. Ash's excitement takes control as he celebrates catching his first Pokémon, holding the Poké Ball and running in circles out of joy. When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball. However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away. Despite her fear, Caterpie wants to make friends with Misty, but the latter would much rather get to know Pikachu better.Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball. When Ash asks about the others, Misty remarks "Carrots, peppers, and bugs." Ash, however, is offended at how Misty's discomfort is used to hurt Caterpie's feelings. Ash reassures Caterpie and continues traveling without Misty. Misty, however, has other plans, as she is still upset about her ruined bicycle and wants Ash to replace it. Because of this, she continues following Ash.Later that night, Ash sets up camp for the night. Misty, also getting ready to go to sleep, exchanges a few smart remarks with Ash, upsetting Pikachu and Caterpie. While Ash and Misty sleep, Pikachu and Caterpie get to know each other a little better. In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball. Although Ash is angry about this, his attention is diverted when he spots a wild Pidgeotto.Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away. Misty retorts that a Trainer needs to battle and weaken a wild Pokémon to capture it. However, when she mentions that he caught Caterpie only because it was weak, the remark irritates Ash to the point where he blindly summons Caterpie to battle. He does this without knowing that Caterpie is at a type disadvantage against Pidgeotto, though both Misty and Pikachu know. As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.Ash sends Pikachu after Pidgeotto just as it frees itself. Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball. The Ball takes Pidgeotto in and drops to the ground, rocking. After a few moments, the Ball ceases movement; Ash has captured the Pidgeotto. Despite the success, Misty continues to berate him for his lack of knowledge about strategy.Team Rocket intrudes on their argument, reciting their motto. They decide to target his Pikachu, mentioning his incredible power, which causes them to become distracted in a short internal argument before they decide to attack. They then send out Koffing and Ekans to battle, despite a double-team being unfair. Misty wants to jump in, but Ash does not want to break the rules. Koffing's Sludge attack blinds Pikachu, taking him out of the battle. While he hands Pikachu off to Misty, he decides to send out his newly caught Pidgeotto.Pidgeotto dodges both Koffing and Ekans's attacks before going into a Quick Attack. Ekans avoids the attack by going underground, forcing Pidgeotto to come to a sudden stop. Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation. Despite soaring high into the sky, both Ekans and Koffing are able to keep up with Pidgeotto. Pidgeotto tries to hit Koffing with Gust, but misses and is defeated. Ash recalls Pidgeotto and tries to fight Team Rocket with his fists, but James easily holds him back.It looks bad for Ash, but he decides to send out Caterpie to battle. The sight of the bug simply amuses Team Rocket as they prepare to attack. Caterpie looks down, when Ash orders him to fire String Shot. The attack completely incapacitates Koffing before Caterpie muzzles Ekans. Caterpie rushes into a Tackle attack on Koffing, sending it into Ekans and thus taking them both out, shocking everyone. Meowth tries to step in, but he is also wrapped in String Shot. Taken by surprise, Team Rocket flees, but promises that they will be back.Ash congratulates Caterpie on coming through, and urges Misty to do the same. She agrees to pat Caterpie on the head, despite her initial discomfort. At that moment, Caterpie begins to spray mist from his mouth, startling her. Ash puts Caterpie down as the mist covers Caterpie, signaling evolution. Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record. In addition, Misty shows approval of Ash's strengthening bonds with his Pokémon. Despite having fewer reservations about Metapod, the sight of a Beedrill scares Misty as she looks forward to quickly leaving the forest. Ash is in no such hurry, however, as he seeks to capture more Pokémon.