While Ash is wandering through the forest with his friends, he begins bragging about his accomplishments, but Misty claims all his Pokémon followed him, and therefore he failed to actually catch any of them. This angers Ash, who then runs off through the forest vowing to catch a seventh Pokémon, but legitimately this time. As he breaks free of the forest, he finds himself on a beach, too wrapped up in his own Pokémon thoughts to enjoy the beautiful sunset. While he is moping, he notices a small Krabby scurrying between his feet. Ash insults Krabby about its small size, and it challenges him to a battle. Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it. When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time. Suddenly, Pikachu begins jumping and looking at a distant object, and as the gang looks over they can make out the shape of a lighthouse on a cliff. Excited, they all run towards it.By the time they arrive there, night has fallen and the long walk has made them exhausted. Ash rings the bell, only to be greeted by an eerie ringing and a mysterious voice asking them to identify themselves. After Ash and company explain their situation and Brock offers to cook the lighthouse keeper a bacon-double cheeseburger, they are granted entrance. But as the door swings open, they find there is no one there to greet them. Ash asks for permission to use the lighthouse's phone, and is directed to a phone near them. The owner of the voice is still unknown. Ash calls Professor Oak to ask about his newly caught Krabby. As he picks up, the professor is shown cooking dinner. Ash is enraged upon hearing that Gary has also caught a Krabby, and becomes even more so when he sees how large it is compared to his own. Ash is further humiliated when he finds out that Gary has already caught 45 Pokémon, dwarfing Ash's mere seven. Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.Suddenly, a giant Kabuto appears, claiming to be the keeper of the lighthouse. It is revealed that the Kabuto is in fact Bill, who has become stuck in a Pokémon suit during his research. Ash helps him out. After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever. He says it is unique and that no one had ever laid eyes on it. One night, he says, he heard a strange noise coming across the ocean from the Pokémon, but that was the last time he heard it.As Bill is reminiscing, the same sound is suddenly heard, and a large figure appears, rising from the ocean. It is revealed to be the outline of a giant Dragonite. As it comes closer to the lighthouse, Team Rocket is shown scaling the cliff and, upon seeing the giant Dragonite, they begin launching a barrage of missiles to try to catch it. This angers Dragonite, and it smashes the top of the lighthouse and begins to walk away. Bill calls out at it to stay, but to no avail.In the morning, Bill seems to be at peace with the fact that he failed to learn more about the Pokémon and is simply grateful he got to see it at all. With another life lesson from Bill, the heroes say goodbye and continue on their journey.