Misty spots an injured Horsea in the water as she, Ash, and Brock wait for the next boat to the mainland. The Horsea seems to be communicating a warning, painting an image with its ink, but Misty doesn't understand it and tries to catch it. Before she catches the Horsea, however, there's an explosion and a boat is destroyed. Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean. Brock grabs a nearby boat and heads out to assist in the rescue effort. The sailors are paralyzed and mumble about what caused their ship to explode.Later, Ash and his friends meet Nastina, who is the spitting image of Brutella from the previous episode. She explains her plans of building an exclusive hotel on the ocean (literally, perched on a coral reef) for wealthy tourists. However, her building plans are upsetting the local Tentacool and Tentacruel, who've been attacking her construction site. She wants the Pokémon exterminated and offers a million dollar reward, which Ash and Brock are eager to accept. Misty angrily rejects Nastina's offer. She then explains her love of Water Pokémon to Ash and Brock, who don't quite understand her. Nastina then makes a public announcement offering the million dollars to anyone who exterminates the Tentacool and Tentacruel. The gang are nearly run over by the town's citizens, rushing to the beach to carry out Nastina's orders.Team Rocket, who are always nearby, offer to help Nastina. They plan on using their "Super Secret Stun Sauce" on the Pokémon and then selling them at a fish market for more money. However, their boat is soon surrounded by thousands of angry Tentacool, one of whom blasts the stun sauce with a ray gun-type attack and destroys the boat. The sauce lands on that same Tentacool, but instead of being stunned, it evolves into a Tentacruel hundreds of times the normal size of the breed, and promptly begins a citywide rampage. Meowth is captured by the large Tentacruel and is used as its mouthpiece. It explains that it's destroying the city in much the same way Nastina has been destroying its home in the coral reef. The Horsea that Misty saw earlier pleads with the Tentacruel to stop, but is swatted away by a tentacle. Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.The Tentacruel doesn't understand why the Pokémon would fight on the side of the humans, but then Misty stops it in its tracks. She's managed to get to the roof of a building and pleads with it to stop its rampage. She tells the Tentacruel that the humans now understand that what they were doing was wrong, and that the hotel won't be built on the coral reef. Tentacruel replies that if their homes are attacked again they will not stop the destruction, then tosses Meowth into a Ferris Wheel in the previously destroyed amusement park, which then collapses and causes Meowth to reawaken. Tentacruel then slowly goes into the ocean, followed by the Tentacool. Nastina attempts once again to destroy the Tentacruel, but has her face blotched by Horsea's ink before being whacked into the air by the Tentacruel's tentacle. As Brutella from the previous episode rebuilds her restaurant, Nastina crash-lands into her, re-destroying the restaurant in the process.Ash, Misty and Brock finally board a boat to the mainland. The Horsea decides to be a new member of Misty's team and so, Misty catches it. While the adventure doesn't diminish Misty's love of Tentacool, she declares that "Horsea's the cutest Pokémon of all!" and does Ash's victory pose, which annoys him. The sun sets on Team Rocket in a bucket attached to the ship, wearily plotting for next time.