The scene opens on Pikachu climbing in a tree. All of a sudden, something gets stuck in Pikachu's throat after he has been looking through the tree, evident by Pikachu's voice sounding weird. Brock quickly suggests that they take Pikachu to see a doctor. They run down the path to look for a Pokémon Center, but there isn't one for miles. They eventually reach a hospital for humans and ask for help from a doctor. The doctor (Dr. Proctor) doesn't pay much attention to Ash's pleas, but when Misty starts pleading the doctor gives in, saying that he can't resist a pretty face. Thinking Misty is the one in need of help, the doctor asks her what the problem was. After explaining that Pikachu was the sick one, Ash once again asks for help. Although a hospital for humans, the doctor agrees to help; however, the doctor refuses at first. After checking on Pikachu, the doctor states that there is something stuck in Pikachu's throat. The doctor manages to remove the thing in his throat, which happens to be an apple; Pikachu is now okay.The phone then starts ringing; the doctor refuses to answer, saying he's "off duty". Brock answers the call and he learns that it's Nurse Joy. She informs the group that there has been a violent accident involving a truck of Pokémon stolen by Team Rocket, and the Pokémon are in dire need of medical attention. With the Pokémon Center at full capacity, the extra room of the hospital is needed. Instead of giving Nurse Joy a serious answer, he asks her out, making her angry. Meanwhile, Team Rocket are at the scene of the accident, with Jessie blaming James for the accident. Meowth is feeling down because the charm on his head is missing. Back at the hospital, the doctor gives everyone their uniforms and equipment, saying that he needs their help because he is short on staff. When the injured Pokémon arrive on stretchers pushed by Chansey, everyone starts working. Ash calls out his Bulbasaur to hold down Cubone who keeps on struggling in pain. Misty comforts it and successfully calms it down. Dr. Proctor says that Misty is a natural.Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate. The doctor proceeds by asking Jessie out for some pizza. Jessie is impressed with the doctor. Ash tells the doctor not to help Team Rocket, but Dr. Proctor explains that it was his job to heal, not to judge. Meowth is still stressing over the loss of his charm; Chansey tries to cheer him up, but does not succeed.Everyone is busy helping all the injured Pokémon; even Jessie and James pitch in. They are all working together diligently. They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing. There is a hyper Dodrio in need of untangling, so the doctor prepares an anesthetic injection, so as to calm it down. The Dodrio lunges at Dr. Proctor, causing the doctor to inadvertently stab himself with the injection. The doctor then falls asleep. With no doctor on hand, Ash decides to weaken Dodrio with his own Pokémon. He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt. Caught up in the moment, Ash pulls out a Poké Ball to catch the Pokémon. Ash is stopped by Brock, who reminds him that they want to help Dodrio, not catch it.Later, while treatment is still going on, Jessie and James decide that they are going to steal all of the injured Pokémon. They take off the uniforms and start reciting their motto. They didn't manage to finish it because Meowth unexpectedly interrupts them, still wanting his charm. Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption. Chansey faces James, who threatens Ash with a big needle. Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit. Dr. Proctor, who has just awoken, states that Arbok and Weezing will not attack Chansey because they were cared for by it when they were injured. Getting angry, Jessie throws a beaker at him, but Dr. Proctor simply cuts it in half using a scalpel. Dr. Proctor then shows them his "arsenal" that's in his doctor's coat. His "arsenal" consists of sharp tools, such as shots, scissors, and scalpels. Ash and his friends are freed by the Chansey. Team Rocket runs out of the building being chased by the "stretcher catchers" Ash and his friends had pushed their way. Team Rocket ends up "blasting off again" when the Voltorb that James snuck away with self-destructs. Upon landing, the charm on Meowth's head pops out of its head (where it had been all along), making him very happy.With the Pokémon all treated, Dr. Proctor tell Ash and his friends that they should be doctors and asks them if they want to stay and train. Misty states her interest in becoming a doctor but she still has a lot to learn about water Pokémon. Ash and friends then bid farewell to the good doctor and continue on their journey.