Ash is in his second preliminary battle, on the Rock field. Both he and his opponent are down to their last Pokémon. Ash sends out Squirtle, while the opponent sends out Nidorino. Both put up a fierce fight, but Squirtle manages to win with a Skull Bash, allowing Ash to advance to the third round.It is revealed that Gary was watching Ash's battle with his cheerleaders. He says that Ash is acting like he won the whole competition after winning "two easy matches". He then says, "He better enjoy all his celebratin' now, 'cause when his luck runs out, Ash Ketchum won't have anything to cheer about. Unless he wants to cheer for me, right girls? Hah!" His cheerleaders chant his name happily at this. While he is speaking, he seems jealous and a bit spiteful toward Ash.Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round. The centers are crowded and many Nurse Joys and Jennies are everywhere in the streets. Brock's love meter skyrockets at this rate. Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center. After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back. After biting open a hole in the balloon, Onix sends Team Rocket blasting off again! After fending off Team Rocket, the group then hears that new Pokémon will be admitted into the Pokémon Center. Ash takes this opportunity to heal his Pokémon.Ash is now in the middle of the third round match with Pete Pebbleman in the Ice Field. Both Trainers each won the first round of the match. Ash uses Kingler for the battle, while Pete uses Cloyster for the battle. Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw. This doesn't look good for Ash since Cloyster used Withdraw. Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost. Kingler keeps hitting Cloyster with its Crabhammer until Cloyster's shell finally cracks, knocking it out. Pete recalls Cloyster and sends out Arcanine. Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage. Kingler is defeated. Ash recalls Kingler and sends Pikachu into the battlefield. Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast. The Fire Blast attacks melt the field. Pikachu dives into the water, then uses Thunderbolt. Pete's Arcanine is defeated, and Ash is heading for the fourth round.