After foiling one of Team Rocket's heists in the last episode, Ash and Ritchie are battling against each other in the round five battle! Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had. Unfortunately for Ash, due to Team Rocket's sneaky tricks, he becomes distracted on the way to the next battle. Team Rocket kidnaps Ash and demand that he either surrenders his Pikachu to them or be unable to battle Ritchie in Round five. Ash is trapped in the back of a truck, but manages to escape by flooding the entire truck with Squirtle, and escapes when the truck runs over. Team Rocket returns, but Ash uses his Bulbasaur to defeat them. They return yet again, with bikes. Pikachu uses ThunderShock to paralyze them. They return a final time by hooking a crane on the bike Ash stole from them, and lifting him into the air. Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest. Ash orders Pidgeotto to fly the Rocket Air Balloon to the Pokémon stadium.Meanwhile, Ritchie and everyone else is awaiting Ash's arrival. Everybody is getting tired of waiting and the referee approaches Ritchie to inform him that as it appears that Ash is not going to turn up he is to be disqualified and Ritchie will win the match by default, but Ritchie begs the referee to wait. Ritchie tells the referee that he and Ash promised each other a great battle and that Ash must have a good reason for not being there but he is certain that his new friend will turn up. The referee, seeing that Ritchie is desperate that Ash not be disqualified, agrees to give Ash ten more minutes. Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie. Delia and Professor Oak note that Ash certainly seems to choose his friends well. The ten minutes pass and there's still no sign of Ash. By now the referee has had enough and is about to disqualify Ash and award the match to Ritchie when suddenly Ash appears overhead in the Meowth balloon, certainly making quite an entrance. Ash's friends are very relieved, while Delia shouts at her son to apologize for keeping everyone waiting while Professor Oak tries to calm her down. Unfortunately Pidgeotto is exhausted from flying the entire Balloon to the stadium, and Ash thanks it for all its effort. The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy. Happy defeats Squirtle easily with Sleep Powder, and the ringer counts this as an elimination. Ash is truly surprised to see that Pikachu has enough energy to battle. Pikachu is at a disadvantage due to his lack of energy, but wins by using Thunderbolt. Ritchie sends out Zippo, who uses multiple Flamethrowers that Pikachu dodges. Then, Zippo uses Tackle, finally making Pikachu too weak to battle. Ash is left with only one Pokémon to use. Ash realizes he only has one choice, and it's a very risky one. He uses this one choice and sends out the disobedient Charizard. Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own. Ritchie recalls Zippo, which immediately eliminates him. Ritchie sends out Sparky, who is ready for anything. Charizard stomps on the ground twice, then uses his wings to create a strong wind that pushes back Sparky. However, now it is satisfied it could defeat Sparky if it wanted, lies down to take a nap. Ash is desperate and begins to beg, but Charizard clearly has no intention of moving for the trainer it doesn't respect. The referee declares Charizard as eliminated, giving Ritchie the victory. Ash is very upset, but manages to put a lid on his feelings in order to congratulate Ritchie and wish him luck. Ash's friends are proud of him for his attitude, and later Ash stands alone in the empty stadium, knowing that regardless of his loss he has still learned a lot.