While staying at another island, Ash and Pikachu prepare for the Orange League. However, their preparation does not go well. Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening. The two try to struggle free, but Vileplume uses a point-blank Stun Spore on them. Pikachu, unaffected, races back to their cabin for help.At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island. However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found. Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening. James quickly recalls that Salveyo weed can help cure her, which Jessie quickly admonishes James for. James and Meowth set off to find the Salveyo weed, but manage to find a Poliwag. However, their way of coercing the Poliwag to help them makes Poliwag run away in fear. At the same time, Misty, having searched several lakes, has not found the Salveyo weed, when Poliwag appears. Poliwag warms up to Misty just as James and Meowth appear. James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse. Seeing that Misty is outnumbered, James and Meowth proposition a battle, which Misty accepts. The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion. Misty, who had managed to ask for Poliwag's help, walks away with Poliwag in tow.Later, Poliwag has managed to get them the Salveyo weed that they need. Though Misty tries to say her thanks and leave, Poliwag is adamant that it follow her. As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured. Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for. A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag. James and Meowth are surprised that Misty would leave some of her Salveyo weed for them, but nevertheless takes it to help Jessie recover.Later, both parties have recovered, and Jessie, surmising that Ash and Tracey are still sick, decides to make their move in stealing Pikachu while they are still out. Ash and company's reverie is stopped by Arbok crashing through the cabin. As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again. Not wanting another conflict, James and Meowth quickly cart Jessie and Arbok off.The day ends with Misty having a new friend and a new team member in Poliwag.