Pokémon Trainer	person	168	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon Master	person	79	 Ash declares to himself (and the Pokémon of the world) that he will become a Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon Master	person	115	 Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving.	
Pokémon Master	person	145	 Deciding he's done running, Ash stands before the Spearow and announces that he refuses to be beaten by the likes of them if he's going to be a Pokémon Master, vowing to defeat them all.	
Pokémon Centre	building	88	 She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby.	
Thunder Shock	move	65	 Pikachu is struck by lightning causing him to let out a massive Thunder Shock which throws Ash back onto the ground.	
Professor Oak	person	196	 Ash protests that he's too excited to sleep, so his mom tells him if he won't sleep then to at least get ready for the next day as she switches on a program hosted by the town's Pokémon expert, Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	79	 He arrives at the lab just in time to see one of his new fellow Trainers (and Professor Oak's grandson), Gary, leaving.	
Professor Oak	person	66	 As the crowd follows, Ash is left by himself but not for long as Professor Oak approaches.	
Professor Oak	person	85	 Ash apologizes for being late (and hardly being dressed for the occasion) but tells Professor Oak he's ready to pick his first Pokémon.	
Professor Oak	person	84	 Pikachu doesn't take kindly to this comment and shocks everyone in the area except Professor Oak who remarks that the rubber gloves that were packed will come in handy since rubber doesn't conduct electricity.	
Electric-type	type	150	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Viridian City	settlement	28	 Reaching a bank, Ash spots Viridian City in the distance and heads towards it having taken the first of many steps on his Pokémon journey.	
Pallet Town	settlement	78	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pallet Town	settlement	139	 Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving.	
Pallet Town	settlement	73	Ash and Pikachu begin their long journey walking beyond the outskirts of Pallet Town.	
Ash Ketchum	person	27	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Sand Attack	move	122	 He decides to try sneaking up on Pidgey with his pajama shirt, but when he covers it the Pokémon unleashes its Gust and Sand Attack in response.	
Charmander	pokemon	145	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Charmander	pokemon	31	 Ash is still happy to go with Charmander but, alas, that Pokémon is gone too with someone who wasn't late.	
Grass-type	type	109	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Water-type	type	163	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Fire-type	type	135	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Poké Ball	item	50	 The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television.	
Poké Ball	item	101	 However his Voltorb alarm clock rolls into his hand as he sleeps and, dreaming that he's throwing a Poké Ball, chucks it onto the wall, smashing it.	
Poké Ball	item	169	Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty.	
Poké Ball	item	10	 A fourth Poké Ball emerges onto the pedestal and Ash picks it up, upon which point it opens and from it emerges a small yellow mouse-like Pokémon.	
Poké Ball	item	242	 Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon.	
Poké Ball	item	45	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Poké Ball	item	88	 Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey.	
Poké Ball	item	13	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Poké Ball	item	117	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	120	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	51	 Ash doesn't mind as he decides to instead go with Bulbasaur, whom has also been taken already.	
Electric	type	150	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Electric	type	215	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.	
Gyarados	pokemon	211	 The two come to a fast flowing river and Ash, needing to get away from the still angry Spearow quickly, jumps in and allows himself and Pikachu to be swept away, during which he very nearly becomes lunch for a Gyarados.	
Hypnosis	move	41	 One of the Pokémon, a Gengar, uses its Hypnosis attack on its opponent, a Nidorino, causing it to fall asleep.	
Nidorino	pokemon	76	 One of the Pokémon, a Gengar, uses its Hypnosis attack on its opponent, a Nidorino, causing it to fall asleep.	
Nidorino	pokemon	1	 Nidorino's Trainer recalls it and sends out another Pokémon, Onix to battle.	
Viridian	settlement	28	 Reaching a bank, Ash spots Viridian City in the distance and heads towards it having taken the first of many steps on his Pokémon journey.	
Squirtle	pokemon	174	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	132	Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty.	
Squirtle	pokemon	19	 Oak explains that Squirtle has already been claimed by a Trainer that was on time.	
Spearow	pokemon	62	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning.	
Spearow	pokemon	15	 Ash then sees Spearow flying directly at him, however as it passes Spearow spots Pikachu in a tree and decides to attack him instead.	
Spearow	pokemon	68	 Ash then sees Spearow flying directly at him, however as it passes Spearow spots Pikachu in a tree and decides to attack him instead.	
Spearow	pokemon	112	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.Spearow is down, but it's not out and it lets out a loud cry.	
Spearow	pokemon	150	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.Spearow is down, but it's not out and it lets out a loud cry.	
Spearow	pokemon	280	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.Spearow is down, but it's not out and it lets out a loud cry.	
Spearow	pokemon	310	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.Spearow is down, but it's not out and it lets out a loud cry.	
Spearow	pokemon	56	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu spot a large flock of Spearow emerging from a tree and heading straight towards them.	
Spearow	pokemon	105	 Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse.	
Spearow	pokemon	88	 The two come to a fast flowing river and Ash, needing to get away from the still angry Spearow quickly, jumps in and allows himself and Pikachu to be swept away, during which he very nearly becomes lunch for a Gyarados.	
Spearow	pokemon	74	 As she points out the direction Ash needs to go, he notices the flock of Spearow has caught up.	
Spearow	pokemon	27	 With rain falling and the Spearow flock still on his tail, Ash rides as fast as he can.	
Spearow	pokemon	13	 However the Spearow catch up and start to attack him, and this coupled with the dangerous conditions eventually cause Ash to fly off a small bank crashing to the ground.	
Spearow	pokemon	195	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Spearow	pokemon	51	 Deciding he's done running, Ash stands before the Spearow and announces that he refuses to be beaten by the likes of them if he's going to be a Pokémon Master, vowing to defeat them all.	
Spearow	pokemon	88	 Pikachu sees that Ash is willing to sacrifice himself to save him and, just before the Spearow flock can hit, jumps onto his shoulder then into the air.	
Spearow	pokemon	30	 The two wake up and find the Spearow flock has gone.	
Ketchum	person	31	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Pikachu	pokemon	136	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both.	
Pikachu	pokemon	199	 Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash realizes she's right and tells Pikachu to go inside, but Pikachu refuses constantly returning the ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 Ash realizes she's right and tells Pikachu to go inside, but Pikachu refuses constantly returning the ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	 Ash's mom simply assumes the two are playing catch but admits she finds Pikachu 'weird'.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu doesn't take kindly to this comment and shocks everyone in the area except Professor Oak who remarks that the rubber gloves that were packed will come in handy since rubber doesn't conduct electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	8	Ash and Pikachu begin their long journey walking beyond the outskirts of Pallet Town.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 or rather, Ash (wearing the rubber gloves) is walking while Pikachu, who is tied to a clothesline like a leash, has to be literally dragged along.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Ash tries talking to Pikachu, but all he learns is that the Pokémon can only say its name and doesn't like him at all.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 Deciding to make life easier for Pikachu, Ash removes the leash and rubber gloves but Pikachu still isn't impressed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 Deciding to make life easier for Pikachu, Ash removes the leash and rubber gloves but Pikachu still isn't impressed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash is happy at the chance to test Pikachu's skills and tries to send him to battle but Pikachu refuses instead deciding to climb a tree and watch.	
Pikachu	pokemon	89	 Ash is happy at the chance to test Pikachu's skills and tries to send him to battle but Pikachu refuses instead deciding to climb a tree and watch.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu finds Ash ineptitude hilarious while Ash gets more worked up, determined to show Pikachu what he can do.	
Pikachu	pokemon	90	 Pikachu finds Ash ineptitude hilarious while Ash gets more worked up, determined to show Pikachu what he can do.	
Pikachu	pokemon	4	 As Pikachu laughs further, Ash notices some more Pidgey nearby and throws a stone at them in frustration.	
Pikachu	pokemon	82	 Ash then sees Spearow flying directly at him, however as it passes Spearow spots Pikachu in a tree and decides to attack him instead.	
Pikachu	pokemon	172	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu spot a large flock of Spearow emerging from a tree and heading straight towards them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 By the time Ash catches up, Pikachu is very weak and can no longer run, so Ash picks his Pokémon and carries him away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	137	 The two come to a fast flowing river and Ash, needing to get away from the still angry Spearow quickly, jumps in and allows himself and Pikachu to be swept away, during which he very nearly becomes lunch for a Gyarados.	
Pikachu	pokemon	108	 The girl quickly grabs her rod to reel in what she thinks will be a big one, but instead yanks out Ash and Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 She is disappointed, but then notices Pikachu's condition and tells angrily tells Ash he should never let his Pokémon get into such a bad condition.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 Ash decides to make a getaway on the girl's bike (putting Pikachu in the basket) despite her protests, promising that he'll eventually give it back much to her anger.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Lying in the mud, Ash spots Pikachu nearby weaker than ever.	
Pikachu	pokemon	91	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu sees that Ash is willing to sacrifice himself to save him and, just before the Spearow flock can hit, jumps onto his shoulder then into the air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is struck by lightning causing him to let out a massive Thunder Shock which throws Ash back onto the ground.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu are lying unconscious near the smouldering remains of the bike they stole.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come.	
Pikachu	pokemon	138	 After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come.	
Thunder	move	65	 Pikachu is struck by lightning causing him to let out a massive Thunder Shock which throws Ash back onto the ground.	
Voltorb	pokemon	13	 However his Voltorb alarm clock rolls into his hand as he sleeps and, dreaming that he's throwing a Poké Ball, chucks it onto the wall, smashing it.	
Rattata	pokemon	52	 He chases it away as the Pokédex identifies it as Rattata, a normal-type that lives in the forest.	
Rattata	pokemon	97	 When Ash states that they're not in a forest, the Pokédex goes on to explain that occasionally Rattata will emerge to steal food from stupid travellers.	
Trainer	person	12	 Nidorino's Trainer recalls it and sends out another Pokémon, Onix to battle.	
Trainer	person	177	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Trainer	person	58	 Oak explains that Squirtle has already been claimed by a Trainer that was on time.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	In a massive stadium, two creatures known as Pokémon are having a battle, directed by the Trainers to give it their all.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 One of the Pokémon, a Gengar, uses its Hypnosis attack on its opponent, a Nidorino, causing it to fall asleep.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Nidorino's Trainer recalls it and sends out another Pokémon, Onix to battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	 The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television.	
Pokémon	pokemon	146	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	168	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Ash declares to himself (and the Pokémon of the world) that he will become a Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 Ash declares to himself (and the Pokémon of the world) that he will become a Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon	pokemon	179	 Ash protests that he's too excited to sleep, so his mom tells him if he won't sleep then to at least get ready for the next day as she switches on a program hosted by the town's Pokémon expert, Professor Oak.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	94	As Ash sleeps, he goes over the choices in his head reasoning that any of the three available Pokémon are good for starting Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	107	 Unfortunately for Ash, Gary is very overconfident and brags that he was on time and already has his first Pokémon although he refuses to reveal which one he got.	
Pokémon	pokemon	115	 Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving.	
Pokémon	pokemon	128	 Ash apologizes for being late (and hardly being dressed for the occasion) but tells Professor Oak he's ready to pick his first Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 Ash is still happy to go with Charmander but, alas, that Pokémon is gone too with someone who wasn't late.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Ash asks if this means there are no Pokémon left for him, and Oak tells him this isn't exactly true as he does have another Pokémon but it is very unusual.	
Pokémon	pokemon	126	 Ash asks if this means there are no Pokémon left for him, and Oak tells him this isn't exactly true as he does have another Pokémon but it is very unusual.	
Pokémon	pokemon	140	 A fourth Poké Ball emerges onto the pedestal and Ash picks it up, upon which point it opens and from it emerges a small yellow mouse-like Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters.	
Pokémon	pokemon	122	 Heading outside, Ash finds his mom and a small group of supporters outside ready to wish him luck as he heads out on his Pokémon journey.	
Pokémon	pokemon	264	 Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Ash tries talking to Pikachu, but all he learns is that the Pokémon can only say its name and doesn't like him at all.	
Pokémon	pokemon	115	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 Ash looks up Pidgey in the Pokédex and finds that the small bird is a flying-type Pokémon which is gentle, easy to catch and a good choice for a beginning trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	119	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Pokémon	pokemon	155	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 He decides to try sneaking up on Pidgey with his pajama shirt, but when he covers it the Pokémon unleashes its Gust and Sand Attack in response.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 As Ash bemoans his bad luck, he then notices another Pokémon rifling through his bag.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 only it turns out not to be a Pidgey but instead a much angrier looking bird-type Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	174	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 By the time Ash catches up, Pikachu is very weak and can no longer run, so Ash picks his Pokémon and carries him away.	
Pokémon	pokemon	111	 She is disappointed, but then notices Pikachu's condition and tells angrily tells Ash he should never let his Pokémon get into such a bad condition.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby.	
Pokémon	pokemon	150	 She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Pokémon	pokemon	145	 Deciding he's done running, Ash stands before the Spearow and announces that he refuses to be beaten by the likes of them if he's going to be a Pokémon Master, vowing to defeat them all.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 Just then a shimmering golden Pokémon flies overhead towards a rainbow.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	 Ash wonders what it was, and the Pokédex can't identify it but explains that there's many Pokémon species yet to be discovered.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	 After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 Reaching a bank, Ash spots Viridian City in the distance and heads towards it having taken the first of many steps on his Pokémon journey.	
Pokédex	item	38	 Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both.	
Pokédex	item	74	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Pokédex	item	28	 Ash looks up Pidgey in the Pokédex and finds that the small bird is a flying-type Pokémon which is gentle, easy to catch and a good choice for a beginning trainer.	
Pokédex	item	80	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Pokédex	item	26	 He chases it away as the Pokédex identifies it as Rattata, a normal-type that lives in the forest.	
Pokédex	item	51	 When Ash states that they're not in a forest, the Pokédex goes on to explain that occasionally Rattata will emerge to steal food from stupid travellers.	
Pokédex	item	23	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning.	
Pokédex	item	5	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.	
Pokédex	item	34	 Ash wonders what it was, and the Pokédex can't identify it but explains that there's many Pokémon species yet to be discovered.	
Gengar	pokemon	24	 One of the Pokémon, a Gengar, uses its Hypnosis attack on its opponent, a Nidorino, causing it to fall asleep.	
Gengar	pokemon	85	 The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television.	
Centre	building	97	 She tells him that Pikachu needs to get treatment right away explaining that there's a Pokémon Centre (a medical centre that specialises in healing Pokémon) nearby.	
Pidgey	pokemon	74	 Just then the two hear footsteps behind them and find they're close to a Pidgey.	
Pidgey	pokemon	14	 Ash looks up Pidgey in the Pokédex and finds that the small bird is a flying-type Pokémon which is gentle, easy to catch and a good choice for a beginning trainer.	
Pidgey	pokemon	102	 Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey.	
Pidgey	pokemon	23	 The ball connects and Pidgey is drawn inside, leading Ash to think he's captured it.	
Pidgey	pokemon	56	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Pidgey	pokemon	34	 He decides to try sneaking up on Pidgey with his pajama shirt, but when he covers it the Pokémon unleashes its Gust and Sand Attack in response.	
Pidgey	pokemon	40	 Ash is sent crashing to the ground and Pidgey flies away.	
Pidgey	pokemon	50	 As Pikachu laughs further, Ash notices some more Pidgey nearby and throws a stone at them in frustration.	
Pidgey	pokemon	45	 Just then he spots what he thinks is a lone Pidgey nearby and is determined to finally catch this one.	
Pidgey	pokemon	31	 only it turns out not to be a Pidgey but instead a much angrier looking bird-type Pokémon.	
Pidgey	pokemon	84	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning.	
Grass	type	109	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Water	type	163	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Fire	type	135	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Onix	pokemon	63	 Nidorino's Trainer recalls it and sends out another Pokémon, Onix to battle.	
Poké	item	50	 The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television.	
Poké	item	101	 However his Voltorb alarm clock rolls into his hand as he sleeps and, dreaming that he's throwing a Poké Ball, chucks it onto the wall, smashing it.	
Poké	item	35	Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty.	
Poké	item	169	Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty.	
Poké	item	10	 A fourth Poké Ball emerges onto the pedestal and Ash picks it up, upon which point it opens and from it emerges a small yellow mouse-like Pokémon.	
Poké	item	20	 Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both.	
Poké	item	242	 Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon.	
Poké	item	45	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Poké	item	134	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Poké	item	88	 Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey.	
Poké	item	13	 However the Poké Ball shakes for a few seconds before Pidgey escapes, and the Pokédex explains that when catching a Pokémon you normally have your own Pokémon battle to weaken the target first.	
Poké	item	117	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Gary	person	106	 He arrives at the lab just in time to see one of his new fellow Trainers (and Professor Oak's grandson), Gary, leaving.	
Gary	person	24	 Unfortunately for Ash, Gary is very overconfident and brags that he was on time and already has his first Pokémon although he refuses to reveal which one he got.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving.	
Gary	person	81	 Gary's large crowd (which includes a group of cheerleaders) cheers for him, and Gary promises that he'll become a Pokémon Master and put Pallet Town on the map before leaving.	
Gust	move	113	 He decides to try sneaking up on Pidgey with his pajama shirt, but when he covers it the Pokémon unleashes its Gust and Sand Attack in response.	
Rock	type	13	 The massive Rock Snake Pokémon emerges from its Poké Ball and prepares to take on Gengar, at which point it is revealed that the battle is being displayed on television.	
Ash	person	27	 Its viewer is a boy named Ash Ketchum who lives in a small settlement called Pallet Town and is ten-years old which allows him to pick a starter Pokémon and become a Pokémon Trainer.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash declares to himself (and the Pokémon of the world) that he will become a Pokémon Master.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash protests that he's too excited to sleep, so his mom tells him if he won't sleep then to at least get ready for the next day as she switches on a program hosted by the town's Pokémon expert, Professor Oak.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash sleeps, he goes over the choices in his head reasoning that any of the three available Pokémon are good for starting Trainers.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash finally wakes up, he sees the sun high in the sky and realizes he overslept.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs to the lab, in such a hurry he doesn't change out of his pyjamas, and at this point doesn't care which starter he gets as long as he gets any.	
Ash	person	19	 Unfortunately for Ash, Gary is very overconfident and brags that he was on time and already has his first Pokémon although he refuses to reveal which one he got.	
Ash	person	23	 As the crowd follows, Ash is left by himself but not for long as Professor Oak approaches.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash apologizes for being late (and hardly being dressed for the occasion) but tells Professor Oak he's ready to pick his first Pokémon.	
Ash	person	20	Taken into the lab, Ash sees three Poké Balls sitting on a pedestal and states that after thinking about it he's decided to choose Squirtle as his starter, however the Poké Ball is empty.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash doesn't mind as he decides to instead go with Bulbasaur, whom has also been taken already.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is still happy to go with Charmander but, alas, that Pokémon is gone too with someone who wasn't late.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks if this means there are no Pokémon left for him, and Oak tells him this isn't exactly true as he does have another Pokémon but it is very unusual.	
Ash	person	16	 At this point, Ash is willing to settle for anything and tells Oak he'll take whatever it is.	
Ash	person	51	 A fourth Poké Ball emerges onto the pedestal and Ash picks it up, upon which point it opens and from it emerges a small yellow mouse-like Pokémon.	
Ash	person	54	 Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters.	
Ash	person	86	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Ash	person	11	 Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both.	
Ash	person	18	 Heading outside, Ash finds his mom and a small group of supporters outside ready to wish him luck as he heads out on his Pokémon journey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom gets weepy at the thought of her son finally leaving to start his life as a trainer, before then starting to list the numerous supplies she's packed for him before he goes before noticing Pikachu and asking why he isn't inside his Poké Ball like other Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash realizes she's right and tells Pikachu to go inside, but Pikachu refuses constantly returning the ball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom simply assumes the two are playing catch but admits she finds Pikachu 'weird'.	
Ash	person	210	 Pikachu doesn't take kindly to this comment and shocks everyone in the area except Professor Oak who remarks that the rubber gloves that were packed will come in handy since rubber doesn't conduct electricity.Ash and Pikachu begin their long journey walking beyond the outskirts of Pallet Town.	
Ash	person	12	 or rather, Ash (wearing the rubber gloves) is walking while Pikachu, who is tied to a clothesline like a leash, has to be literally dragged along.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries talking to Pikachu, but all he learns is that the Pokémon can only say its name and doesn't like him at all.	
Ash	person	57	 Trying to persuade Pikachu to go inside his Poké Ball, Ash consults his Pokédex but it confirms that while many Pokémon travel in Poké Balls some don't like being confined.	
Ash	person	43	 Deciding to make life easier for Pikachu, Ash removes the leash and rubber gloves but Pikachu still isn't impressed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks up Pidgey in the Pokédex and finds that the small bird is a flying-type Pokémon which is gentle, easy to catch and a good choice for a beginning trainer.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is happy at the chance to test Pikachu's skills and tries to send him to battle but Pikachu refuses instead deciding to climb a tree and watch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, angry at Pikachu's continuing disobedience, decides to do it himself and throws a Poké Ball at Pidgey.	
Ash	person	55	 The ball connects and Pidgey is drawn inside, leading Ash to think he's captured it.	
Ash	person	15	 Pikachu finds Ash ineptitude hilarious while Ash gets more worked up, determined to show Pikachu what he can do.	
Ash	person	46	 Pikachu finds Ash ineptitude hilarious while Ash gets more worked up, determined to show Pikachu what he can do.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is sent crashing to the ground and Pidgey flies away.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash bemoans his bad luck, he then notices another Pokémon rifling through his bag.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash states that they're not in a forest, the Pokédex goes on to explain that occasionally Rattata will emerge to steal food from stupid travellers.	
Ash	person	28	 As Pikachu laughs further, Ash notices some more Pidgey nearby and throws a stone at them in frustration.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex and it identifies the bird as Spearow which, unlike Pidgey, has a bad attitude and a violent temperament being known for attacking people and Pokémon without warning.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then sees Spearow flying directly at him, however as it passes Spearow spots Pikachu in a tree and decides to attack him instead.	
Ash	person	95	 The Pokédex explains that wild Pokémon are sometimes jealous of those with trainers, and as Ash tries to get Spearow to focus on him again instead Spearow nearly knocks Pikachu out of the tree at which point the Electric Mouse unleashes electricity at his attacker which sends Spearow falling to the ground.	
Ash	person	18	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu spot a large flock of Spearow emerging from a tree and heading straight towards them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse.	
Ash	person	67	 Ash promises to protect Pikachu, however Pikachu runs on ahead of Ash which makes it an easy target for Spearow since they don't hesitate in attacking en masse.	
Ash	person	13	 By the time Ash catches up, Pikachu is very weak and can no longer run, so Ash picks his Pokémon and carries him away.	
Ash	person	76	 By the time Ash catches up, Pikachu is very weak and can no longer run, so Ash picks his Pokémon and carries him away.	
Ash	person	42	 The two come to a fast flowing river and Ash, needing to get away from the still angry Spearow quickly, jumps in and allows himself and Pikachu to be swept away, during which he very nearly becomes lunch for a Gyarados.	
Ash	person	100	 The girl quickly grabs her rod to reel in what she thinks will be a big one, but instead yanks out Ash and Pikachu.	
Ash	person	83	 She is disappointed, but then notices Pikachu's condition and tells angrily tells Ash he should never let his Pokémon get into such a bad condition.	
Ash	person	33	 As she points out the direction Ash needs to go, he notices the flock of Spearow has caught up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to make a getaway on the girl's bike (putting Pikachu in the basket) despite her protests, promising that he'll eventually give it back much to her anger.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash rides for dear life, a thunderstorm starts.	
Ash	person	60	 With rain falling and the Spearow flock still on his tail, Ash rides as fast as he can.	
Ash	person	119	 However the Spearow catch up and start to attack him, and this coupled with the dangerous conditions eventually cause Ash to fly off a small bank crashing to the ground.	
Ash	person	19	 Lying in the mud, Ash spots Pikachu nearby weaker than ever.	
Ash	person	81	 Upset that his first day as a Pokémon trainer has turned into such a disaster, Ash tells Pikachu to get inside his Poké Ball as it seems to be the only way he can be safe from the approaching Spearow.	
Ash	person	29	 Deciding he's done running, Ash stands before the Spearow and announces that he refuses to be beaten by the likes of them if he's going to be a Pokémon Master, vowing to defeat them all.	
Ash	person	19	 Pikachu sees that Ash is willing to sacrifice himself to save him and, just before the Spearow flock can hit, jumps onto his shoulder then into the air.	
Ash	person	92	 Pikachu is struck by lightning causing him to let out a massive Thunder Shock which throws Ash back onto the ground.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu are lying unconscious near the smouldering remains of the bike they stole.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wonders what it was, and the Pokédex can't identify it but explains that there's many Pokémon species yet to be discovered.	
Ash	person	58	 After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come.	
Ash	person	130	 After watching the Pokémon disappear into the distance, Ash picks up Pikachu and keeps on walking as the narrator explains that Ash and Pikachu have many more adventures together to come.	
Ash	person	18	 Reaching a bank, Ash spots Viridian City in the distance and heads towards it having taken the first of many steps on his Pokémon journey.	
Oak	person	206	 Ash protests that he's too excited to sleep, so his mom tells him if he won't sleep then to at least get ready for the next day as she switches on a program hosted by the town's Pokémon expert, Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	16	 Ash watches as Oak explains that new Trainers get to pick one of three Pokémon to start their journey; the Grass-type Bulbasaur, the Fire-type Charmander or the Water-type Squirtle.	
Oak	person	89	 He arrives at the lab just in time to see one of his new fellow Trainers (and Professor Oak's grandson), Gary, leaving.	
Oak	person	76	 As the crowd follows, Ash is left by himself but not for long as Professor Oak approaches.	
Oak	person	95	 Ash apologizes for being late (and hardly being dressed for the occasion) but tells Professor Oak he's ready to pick his first Pokémon.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak explains that Squirtle has already been claimed by a Trainer that was on time.	
Oak	person	64	 Ash asks if this means there are no Pokémon left for him, and Oak tells him this isn't exactly true as he does have another Pokémon but it is very unusual.	
Oak	person	64	 At this point, Ash is willing to settle for anything and tells Oak he'll take whatever it is.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak explains that the Pokémon is named Pikachu, and Ash is very impressed deciding Pikachu is better than any of the other starters.	
Oak	person	118	 He picks up Pikachu and hugs it, however Pikachu doesn't like being hugged and gives Ash a massive electric shock as Oak explains that Pikachu is an Electric-type, and has a shocking personality to match.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak gives Ash some Poké Balls and a Pokédex, however at this point Pikachu shocks them both.	
Oak	person	94	 Pikachu doesn't take kindly to this comment and shocks everyone in the area except Professor Oak who remarks that the rubber gloves that were packed will come in handy since rubber doesn't conduct electricity.	
