Viridian Forest	region	135	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Pokémon Center	building	96	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Pokémon Center	building	73	Afterwards, the girl whose bicycle was "borrowed" by Ash storms into the Pokémon Center and rages at Ash for what his Pikachu did to it.	
Pokémon Center	building	32	At that moment, an alarm in the Pokémon Center sounds and a villainous group named Team Rocket invades the building, recites their motto, and tries to steal all of the Pokémon in the center.	
Pokémon Center	building	66	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Pokémon Center	building	26	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Pokémon Center	building	223	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	51	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	49	Following these events, Team Rocket decides that Ash's Pikachu is no ordinary Pikachu and make it their mission to capture him for their boss.	
Officer Jenny	person	53	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Thunder Shock	move	98	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Professor Oak	person	78	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Professor Oak	person	69	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
Viridian City	settlement	18	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Viridian City	settlement	160	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Pewter City	settlement	85	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Team Rocket	group	84	At that moment, an alarm in the Pokémon Center sounds and a villainous group named Team Rocket invades the building, recites their motto, and tries to steal all of the Pokémon in the center.	
Team Rocket	group	129	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Team Rocket	group	24	Following these events, Team Rocket decides that Ash's Pikachu is no ordinary Pikachu and make it their mission to capture him for their boss.	
Nurse Joy	person	7	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Caterpie	pokemon	38	 The episode ends with Ash spotting a Caterpie and preparing to catch it.	
Viridian	settlement	18	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Viridian	settlement	160	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Viridian	settlement	135	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Goldeen	pokemon	47	 The girl, named Misty, tries to help with her Goldeen, but it is unable to do more than flail helplessly due to the lack of water.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Pikachu	pokemon	119	Afterwards, the girl whose bicycle was "borrowed" by Ash storms into the Pokémon Center and rages at Ash for what his Pikachu did to it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 When Ash explains what happened, the girl's concern shifts to Pikachu's well-being.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	Ash tries to flee with Pikachu's stretcher, but Pikachu suddenly wakes up from running into Misty's bicycle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	48	Ash tries to flee with Pikachu's stretcher, but Pikachu suddenly wakes up from running into Misty's bicycle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	Following these events, Team Rocket decides that Ash's Pikachu is no ordinary Pikachu and make it their mission to capture him for their boss.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	Following these events, Team Rocket decides that Ash's Pikachu is no ordinary Pikachu and make it their mission to capture him for their boss.	
Pikachu	pokemon	100	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Koffing	pokemon	145	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Koffing	pokemon	150	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Thunder	move	98	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Rattata	pokemon	160	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	139	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	Afterwards, the girl whose bicycle was "borrowed" by Ash storms into the Pokémon Center and rages at Ash for what his Pikachu did to it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	At that moment, an alarm in the Pokémon Center sounds and a villainous group named Team Rocket invades the building, recites their motto, and tries to steal all of the Pokémon in the center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	169	At that moment, an alarm in the Pokémon Center sounds and a villainous group named Team Rocket invades the building, recites their motto, and tries to steal all of the Pokémon in the center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Pokémon	pokemon	223	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Pokédex	item	122	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Meowth	pokemon	67	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Pidgey	pokemon	172	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Misty	person	17	 The girl, named Misty, tries to help with her Goldeen, but it is unable to do more than flail helplessly due to the lack of water.	
Misty	person	92	Ash tries to flee with Pikachu's stretcher, but Pikachu suddenly wakes up from running into Misty's bicycle.	
Misty	person	113	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Misty	person	157	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Ekans	pokemon	135	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Poké	item	196	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash arrives in Viridian City, he is stopped by an Officer Jenny, who gives him a ride to the Pokémon Center after his Pokédex confirms his identity.	
Ash	person	53	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Ash	person	142	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
Ash	person	101	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
Ash	person	53	Afterwards, the girl whose bicycle was "borrowed" by Ash storms into the Pokémon Center and rages at Ash for what his Pikachu did to it.	
Ash	person	102	Afterwards, the girl whose bicycle was "borrowed" by Ash storms into the Pokémon Center and rages at Ash for what his Pikachu did to it.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash explains what happened, the girl's concern shifts to Pikachu's well-being.	
Ash	person	103	 Nurse Joy begins transporting as many Pokémon as she can to the Pokémon Center in Pewter City while Ash tries and fails to fend off Ekans and Koffing with a Rattata and Pidgey contained inside Poké Balls that have been knocked to the floor.	
Ash	person	131	 The girl, named Misty, tries to help with her Goldeen, but it is unable to do more than flail helplessly due to the lack of water.Ash tries to flee with Pikachu's stretcher, but Pikachu suddenly wakes up from running into Misty's bicycle.	
Ash	person	51	 The other Pikachu at the Pokémon Center surround Ash's Pikachu, healing him as well as delivering a powerful electric shock to Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	18	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	51	 Using power from Ash pedaling the burned bicycle, Ash's Pikachu hits Team Rocket with a powerful Thunder Shock attack that, after getting mixed with Koffing's gas, results in a colossal explosion that destroys much of the Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	49	Following these events, Team Rocket decides that Ash's Pikachu is no ordinary Pikachu and make it their mission to capture him for their boss.	
Ash	person	95	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Ash	person	188	 They are sent blasting off when a piece of debris punctures their Meowth-shaped balloon while Ash, Pikachu, and Misty continue to the Viridian Forest, with Misty having decided to follow Ash until he replaces her destroyed bicycle.	
Ash	person	23	 The episode ends with Ash spotting a Caterpie and preparing to catch it.	
Oak	person	88	 While Nurse Joy is attending to Pikachu's injuries, Ash calls his mother and Professor Oak, the latter of whom is surprised to discover that Ash is already in Viridian City.	
Oak	person	79	 When Ash mentions the strange golden Pokémon he had recently seen, Professor Oak is skeptical that Ash had actually seen an unidentified Pokémon.	
