Viridian Forest	region	101	The episode picks up right where the previous one left off, as Ash prepares to capture a Caterpie in Viridian Forest.	
Thunder Shock	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Quick Attack	move	70	Pidgeotto dodges both Koffing and Ekans's attacks before going into a Quick Attack.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 Despite the success, Misty continues to berate him for his lack of knowledge about strategy.Team Rocket intrudes on their argument, reciting their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	42	 Ash recalls Pidgeotto and tries to fight Team Rocket with his fists, but James easily holds him back.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 The sight of the bug simply amuses Team Rocket as they prepare to attack.	
Team Rocket	group	20	 Taken by surprise, Team Rocket flees, but promises that they will be back.	
String Shot	move	50	 Caterpie looks down, when Ash orders him to fire String Shot.	
String Shot	move	52	 Meowth tries to step in, but he is also wrapped in String Shot.	
Poké Ball	item	25	 He immediately tosses a Poké Ball at Caterpie, who tries to break free but is unsuccessful.	
Poké Ball	item	90	 Ash's excitement takes control as he celebrates catching his first Pokémon, holding the Poké Ball and running in circles out of joy.	
Poké Ball	item	20	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	128	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	115	Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	135	 In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	41	Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away.	
Poké Ball	item	86	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	82	 Although Ash is angry about this, his attention is diverted when he spots a wild Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	17	Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	57	Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	78	 He does this without knowing that Caterpie is at a type disadvantage against Pidgeotto, though both Misty and Pikachu know.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	50	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	108	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	24	Ash sends Pikachu after Pidgeotto just as it frees itself.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	35	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	16	 The Ball takes Pidgeotto in and drops to the ground, rocking.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	69	 After a few moments, the Ball ceases movement; Ash has captured the Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	78	 While he hands Pikachu off to Misty, he decides to send out his newly caught Pidgeotto.Pidgeotto dodges both Koffing and Ekans's attacks before going into a Quick Attack.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	55	 Ekans avoids the attack by going underground, forcing Pidgeotto to come to a sudden stop.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	36	 Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	84	 Despite soaring high into the sky, both Ekans and Koffing are able to keep up with Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto tries to hit Koffing with Gust, but misses and is defeated.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Pidgeotto and tries to fight Team Rocket with his fists, but James easily holds him back.	
Beedrill	pokemon	65	 Despite having fewer reservations about Metapod, the sight of a Beedrill scares Misty as she looks forward to quickly leaving the forest.	
Caterpie	pokemon	89	The episode picks up right where the previous one left off, as Ash prepares to capture a Caterpie in Viridian Forest.	
Caterpie	pokemon	39	 He immediately tosses a Poké Ball at Caterpie, who tries to break free but is unsuccessful.	
Caterpie	pokemon	35	 However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away.	
Caterpie	pokemon	76	 However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away.	
Caterpie	pokemon	19	 Despite her fear, Caterpie wants to make friends with Misty, but the latter would much rather get to know Pikachu better.	
Caterpie	pokemon	34	Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball.	
Caterpie	pokemon	70	" Ash, however, is offended at how Misty's discomfort is used to hurt Caterpie's feelings.	
Caterpie	pokemon	15	 Ash reassures Caterpie and continues traveling without Misty.	
Caterpie	pokemon	105	 Misty, also getting ready to go to sleep, exchanges a few smart remarks with Ash, upsetting Pikachu and Caterpie.	
Caterpie	pokemon	40	 While Ash and Misty sleep, Pikachu and Caterpie get to know each other a little better.	
Caterpie	pokemon	46	 In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball.	
Caterpie	pokemon	43	 However, when she mentions that he caught Caterpie only because it was weak, the remark irritates Ash to the point where he blindly summons Caterpie to battle.	
Caterpie	pokemon	141	 However, when she mentions that he caught Caterpie only because it was weak, the remark irritates Ash to the point where he blindly summons Caterpie to battle.	
Caterpie	pokemon	35	 He does this without knowing that Caterpie is at a type disadvantage against Pidgeotto, though both Misty and Pikachu know.	
Caterpie	pokemon	14	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.	
Caterpie	pokemon	77	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.	
Caterpie	pokemon	49	It looks bad for Ash, but he decides to send out Caterpie to battle.	
Caterpie	pokemon	1	 Caterpie looks down, when Ash orders him to fire String Shot.	
Caterpie	pokemon	52	 The attack completely incapacitates Koffing before Caterpie muzzles Ekans.	
Caterpie	pokemon	1	 Caterpie rushes into a Tackle attack on Koffing, sending it into Ekans and thus taking them both out, shocking everyone.	
Caterpie	pokemon	18	Ash congratulates Caterpie on coming through, and urges Misty to do the same.	
Caterpie	pokemon	19	 She agrees to pat Caterpie on the head, despite her initial discomfort.	
Caterpie	pokemon	17	 At that moment, Caterpie begins to spray mist from his mouth, startling her.	
Caterpie	pokemon	10	 Ash puts Caterpie down as the mist covers Caterpie, signaling evolution.	
Caterpie	pokemon	43	 Ash puts Caterpie down as the mist covers Caterpie, signaling evolution.	
Caterpie	pokemon	1	 Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record.	
Caterpie	pokemon	116	 Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record.	
Viridian	settlement	101	The episode picks up right where the previous one left off, as Ash prepares to capture a Caterpie in Viridian Forest.	
Carrots	item	48	 When Ash asks about the others, Misty remarks "Carrots, peppers, and bugs.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	107	 Despite her fear, Caterpie wants to make friends with Misty, but the latter would much rather get to know Pikachu better.	
Pikachu	pokemon	93	 Misty, also getting ready to go to sleep, exchanges a few smart remarks with Ash, upsetting Pikachu and Caterpie.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 While Ash and Misty sleep, Pikachu and Caterpie get to know each other a little better.	
Pikachu	pokemon	111	 He does this without knowing that Caterpie is at a type disadvantage against Pidgeotto, though both Misty and Pikachu know.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	Ash sends Pikachu after Pidgeotto just as it frees itself.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 They decide to target his Pikachu, mentioning his incredible power, which causes them to become distracted in a short internal argument before they decide to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 Koffing's Sludge attack blinds Pikachu, taking him out of the battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 While he hands Pikachu off to Misty, he decides to send out his newly caught Pidgeotto.	
Koffing	pokemon	20	 They then send out Koffing and Ekans to battle, despite a double-team being unfair.	
Koffing	pokemon	1	 Koffing's Sludge attack blinds Pikachu, taking him out of the battle.	
Koffing	pokemon	22	Pidgeotto dodges both Koffing and Ekans's attacks before going into a Quick Attack.	
Koffing	pokemon	1	 Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation.	
Koffing	pokemon	51	 Despite soaring high into the sky, both Ekans and Koffing are able to keep up with Pidgeotto.	
Koffing	pokemon	24	 Pidgeotto tries to hit Koffing with Gust, but misses and is defeated.	
Koffing	pokemon	37	 The attack completely incapacitates Koffing before Caterpie muzzles Ekans.	
Koffing	pokemon	41	 Caterpie rushes into a Tackle attack on Koffing, sending it into Ekans and thus taking them both out, shocking everyone.	
Metapod	pokemon	23	 Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record.	
Metapod	pokemon	41	 Despite having fewer reservations about Metapod, the sight of a Beedrill scares Misty as she looks forward to quickly leaving the forest.	
Thunder	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Trainer	person	22	 Misty retorts that a Trainer needs to battle and weaken a wild Pokémon to capture it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Ash's excitement takes control as he celebrates catching his first Pokémon, holding the Poké Ball and running in circles out of joy.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball.	
Pokémon	pokemon	64	 Misty retorts that a Trainer needs to battle and weaken a wild Pokémon to capture it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 In addition, Misty shows approval of Ash's strengthening bonds with his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 Ash is in no such hurry, however, as he seeks to capture more Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	42	 Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries to step in, but he is also wrapped in String Shot.	
Tackle	move	24	 Caterpie rushes into a Tackle attack on Koffing, sending it into Ekans and thus taking them both out, shocking everyone.	
Sludge	move	11	 Koffing's Sludge attack blinds Pikachu, taking him out of the battle.	
Sludge	move	92	 Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation.	
James	person	74	 Ash recalls Pidgeotto and tries to fight Team Rocket with his fists, but James easily holds him back.	
Misty	person	41	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	98	 However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away.	
Misty	person	55	 Despite her fear, Caterpie wants to make friends with Misty, but the latter would much rather get to know Pikachu better.Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	122	 Despite her fear, Caterpie wants to make friends with Misty, but the latter would much rather get to know Pikachu better.Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	33	 When Ash asks about the others, Misty remarks "Carrots, peppers, and bugs.	
Misty	person	35	" Ash, however, is offended at how Misty's discomfort is used to hurt Caterpie's feelings.	
Misty	person	56	 Ash reassures Caterpie and continues traveling without Misty.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, however, has other plans, as she is still upset about her ruined bicycle and wants Ash to replace it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, also getting ready to go to sleep, exchanges a few smart remarks with Ash, upsetting Pikachu and Caterpie.	
Misty	person	15	 While Ash and Misty sleep, Pikachu and Caterpie get to know each other a little better.	
Misty	person	17	 In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty retorts that a Trainer needs to battle and weaken a wild Pokémon to capture it.	
Misty	person	101	 He does this without knowing that Caterpie is at a type disadvantage against Pidgeotto, though both Misty and Pikachu know.	
Misty	person	22	 Despite the success, Misty continues to berate him for his lack of knowledge about strategy.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wants to jump in, but Ash does not want to break the rules.	
Misty	person	31	 While he hands Pikachu off to Misty, he decides to send out his newly caught Pidgeotto.	
Misty	person	56	Ash congratulates Caterpie on coming through, and urges Misty to do the same.	
Misty	person	14	 In addition, Misty shows approval of Ash's strengthening bonds with his Pokémon.	
Misty	person	81	 Despite having fewer reservations about Metapod, the sight of a Beedrill scares Misty as she looks forward to quickly leaving the forest.	
Ekans	pokemon	32	 They then send out Koffing and Ekans to battle, despite a double-team being unfair.	
Ekans	pokemon	34	Pidgeotto dodges both Koffing and Ekans's attacks before going into a Quick Attack.	
Ekans	pokemon	1	 Ekans avoids the attack by going underground, forcing Pidgeotto to come to a sudden stop.	
Ekans	pokemon	111	 Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation.	
Ekans	pokemon	41	 Despite soaring high into the sky, both Ekans and Koffing are able to keep up with Pidgeotto.	
Ekans	pokemon	69	 The attack completely incapacitates Koffing before Caterpie muzzles Ekans.	
Ekans	pokemon	66	 Caterpie rushes into a Tackle attack on Koffing, sending it into Ekans and thus taking them both out, shocking everyone.	
Poké	item	25	 He immediately tosses a Poké Ball at Caterpie, who tries to break free but is unsuccessful.	
Poké	item	90	 Ash's excitement takes control as he celebrates catching his first Pokémon, holding the Poké Ball and running in circles out of joy.	
Poké	item	20	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	128	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	115	Misty continues to complain about Caterpie and says to put "one of the three most disgusting things" back into the Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	135	 In the morning, Misty is still frightened of Caterpie, panicking so much that the Pokémon becomes subdued and returns himself to his Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	41	Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away.	
Poké	item	86	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Gust	move	37	 Pidgeotto tries to hit Koffing with Gust, but misses and is defeated.	
Smog	move	17	 Koffing fires a Smog attack, which Pidgeotto splits with its wings before dodging multiple Sludge attacks and Ekans's retaliation.	
Ash	person	63	The episode picks up right where the previous one left off, as Ash prepares to capture a Caterpie in Viridian Forest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's excitement takes control as he celebrates catching his first Pokémon, holding the Poké Ball and running in circles out of joy.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash holds the Poké Ball closer to Misty's face, she reveals that she has a fear of bugs, even if they are contained in a Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	55	 However, Pikachu is happy to have Caterpie along, and Ash decides to bring Caterpie out, scaring Misty away.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash asks about the others, Misty remarks "Carrots, peppers, and bugs.	
Ash	person	2	" Ash, however, is offended at how Misty's discomfort is used to hurt Caterpie's feelings.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash reassures Caterpie and continues traveling without Misty.	
Ash	person	91	 Misty, however, has other plans, as she is still upset about her ruined bicycle and wants Ash to replace it.	
Ash	person	42	 Because of this, she continues following Ash.	
Ash	person	18	Later that night, Ash sets up camp for the night.	
Ash	person	78	 Misty, also getting ready to go to sleep, exchanges a few smart remarks with Ash, upsetting Pikachu and Caterpie.	
Ash	person	7	 While Ash and Misty sleep, Pikachu and Caterpie get to know each other a little better.	
Ash	person	10	 Although Ash is angry about this, his attention is diverted when he spots a wild Pidgeotto.	
Ash	person	28	Wanting to catch Pidgeotto, Ash throws a Poké Ball, but Pidgeotto simply swats it away.	
Ash	person	99	 However, when she mentions that he caught Caterpie only because it was weak, the remark irritates Ash to the point where he blindly summons Caterpie to battle.	
Ash	person	65	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.Ash sends Pikachu after Pidgeotto just as it frees itself.	
Ash	person	150	 As a result, Caterpie is thoroughly beaten up by Pidgeotto, but Ash recalls Caterpie just in time, causing Pidgeotto to get its beak stuck in a tree.Ash sends Pikachu after Pidgeotto just as it frees itself.	
Ash	person	72	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock to hit Pidgeotto, weakening it and allowing Ash to toss a Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	48	 After a few moments, the Ball ceases movement; Ash has captured the Pidgeotto.	
Ash	person	29	 Misty wants to jump in, but Ash does not want to break the rules.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Pidgeotto and tries to fight Team Rocket with his fists, but James easily holds him back.	
Ash	person	17	It looks bad for Ash, but he decides to send out Caterpie to battle.	
Ash	person	27	 Caterpie looks down, when Ash orders him to fire String Shot.	
Ash	person	75	 Taken by surprise, Team Rocket flees, but promises that they will be back.Ash congratulates Caterpie on coming through, and urges Misty to do the same.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash puts Caterpie down as the mist covers Caterpie, signaling evolution.	
Ash	person	36	 Caterpie evolves into Metapod, and Ash's Pokédex notes that it has reached this stage more quickly than any other Caterpie on record.	
Ash	person	38	 In addition, Misty shows approval of Ash's strengthening bonds with his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is in no such hurry, however, as he seeks to capture more Pokémon.	
