Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	133	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.	
Viridian Forest	region	56	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Viridian Forest	region	64	 Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest.	
Ash's Metapod	pokemon	60	 Suddenly, a swarm of Beedrill angrily interrupt and kidnap Ash's Metapod.	
Sleep Powder	move	47	 He orders his newly evolved Butterfree to use Sleep Powder, which puts the bee-like Pokémon to sleep and allows the group to escape.	
Pewter City	settlement	32	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
Pallet Town	settlement	36	 The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle.	
Team Rocket	group	103	Sure enough, the sound awakens the Kakuna, which evolve into Beedrill and prepare to dive-bomb Ash and Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, meanwhile, are left wrapped up like Kakuna among a hive of angry Beedrill.	
Butterfree	pokemon	183	 Ash picks up his Metapod and cradles him in his arms, thinking he has been badly injured, but he instead begins to glow; the hole in his shell has triggered Metapod's evolution into Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	139	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.	
Butterfree	pokemon	29	 He orders his newly evolved Butterfree to use Sleep Powder, which puts the bee-like Pokémon to sleep and allows the group to escape.	
Butterfree	pokemon	52	 Samurai applauds Ash for being able to control his Butterfree well so soon after its evolution.	
Gym Badge	item	62	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
Poké Ball	item	75	 Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives.	
Poké Ball	item	38	Ash attempts to recall Metapod to his Poké Ball, but he rolls away from his arms.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	78	 He tries to use Pikachu against it, but since he is asleep, he sends out his Pidgeotto instead.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	13	Ash uses his Pidgeotto and the samurai battles with his Pinsir.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	60	 The two battle for some time, but Pinsir manages to defeat Pidgeotto.	
Beedrill	pokemon	128	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Beedrill	pokemon	22	 Suddenly, a swarm of Beedrill angrily interrupt and kidnap Ash's Metapod.	
Beedrill	pokemon	150	 He sees him lying at the base of a tree, surrounded by many Kakuna, and attempts to sneak forward through the grass towards him without alerting the Beedrill swarm.	
Beedrill	pokemon	147	 A moment later, Jessie and James appear on a cliff overhead, and launch loudly into their motto, ignoring Ash's warnings that they will alert the Beedrill.	
Beedrill	pokemon	61	Sure enough, the sound awakens the Kakuna, which evolve into Beedrill and prepare to dive-bomb Ash and Team Rocket.	
Beedrill	pokemon	49	 Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.	
Beedrill	pokemon	95	 His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm.	
Beedrill	pokemon	149	 His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm.	
Beedrill	pokemon	64	Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them.	
Beedrill	pokemon	79	 Team Rocket, meanwhile, are left wrapped up like Kakuna among a hive of angry Beedrill.	
Viridian	settlement	56	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Viridian	settlement	64	 Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest.	
Samurai	person	75	 Ash attempts to explain what happened, saying that losing Metapod was all Samurai's fault.	
Samurai	person	1	 Samurai applauds Ash for being able to control his Butterfree well so soon after its evolution.	
Samurai	person	1	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.	
Samurai	person	119	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.	
Samurai	person	8	Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 He tries to use Pikachu against it, but since he is asleep, he sends out his Pidgeotto instead.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	 The two Metapod continue to harden themselves, leaving Misty and Pikachu wondering if the match will ever end.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest.	
Metapod	pokemon	24	 Ash then sends out his Metapod.	
Metapod	pokemon	1	 Metapod breaks Pinsir's pincers with Harden, winning the round.	
Metapod	pokemon	36	 The samurai then sends out his own Metapod!	
Metapod	pokemon	9	 The two Metapod continue to harden themselves, leaving Misty and Pikachu wondering if the match will ever end.	
Metapod	pokemon	66	 Suddenly, a swarm of Beedrill angrily interrupt and kidnap Ash's Metapod.	
Metapod	pokemon	21	 Ash tries to recall Metapod, but he misses and it gets away.	
Metapod	pokemon	81	In the samurai's hiding place, the samurai furiously rebukes Ash for putting his Metapod in danger.	
Metapod	pokemon	57	 Ash keeps quiet, and promises himself that he will find Metapod the next day and look after him better from then on.	
Metapod	pokemon	70	 During the night, he is unable to sleep and can only think about his Metapod.	
Metapod	pokemon	50	Early the next morning, Ash begins his search for Metapod.	
Metapod	pokemon	63	 Ash runs forward below their attacks, reaching the tree where Metapod is waiting.	
Metapod	pokemon	23	Ash attempts to recall Metapod to his Poké Ball, but he rolls away from his arms.	
Metapod	pokemon	28	 Seeing a look of sorrow in Metapod's eyes, Ash realizes that he has lost Metapod's trust.	
Metapod	pokemon	74	 Seeing a look of sorrow in Metapod's eyes, Ash realizes that he has lost Metapod's trust.	
Metapod	pokemon	59	 Ash attempts to explain what happened, saying that losing Metapod was all Samurai's fault.	
Metapod	pokemon	67	 However, Ash suddenly realizes that he is lying to himself and to Metapod, and admits that losing Metapod was his fault and his alone.	
Metapod	pokemon	99	 However, Ash suddenly realizes that he is lying to himself and to Metapod, and admits that losing Metapod was his fault and his alone.	
Metapod	pokemon	129	 Ash is upset upon realizing that it was his carelessness that put his Pokémon's life in danger, and, amid tearful apologies to Metapod, he sincerely promises to take better care of him.	
Metapod	pokemon	36	 His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm.	
Metapod	pokemon	18	 Ash picks up his Metapod and cradles him in his arms, thinking he has been badly injured, but he instead begins to glow; the hole in his shell has triggered Metapod's evolution into Butterfree.	
Metapod	pokemon	158	 Ash picks up his Metapod and cradles him in his arms, thinking he has been badly injured, but he instead begins to glow; the hole in his shell has triggered Metapod's evolution into Butterfree.	
Trainer	person	18	 His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	 The two then begin their Pokémon battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 The samurai takes Ash, Misty and their Pokémon to a safe place.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 Ash is upset upon realizing that it was his carelessness that put his Pokémon's life in danger, and, amid tearful apologies to Metapod, he sincerely promises to take better care of him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 He orders his newly evolved Butterfree to use Sleep Powder, which puts the bee-like Pokémon to sleep and allows the group to escape.	
Pinsir	pokemon	56	Ash uses his Pidgeotto and the samurai battles with his Pinsir.	
Pinsir	pokemon	35	 The two battle for some time, but Pinsir manages to defeat Pidgeotto.	
Pinsir	pokemon	16	 Metapod breaks Pinsir's pincers with Harden, winning the round.	
Weedle	pokemon	26	 Then he spots the bug, a Weedle, and decides to catch it.	
Weedle	pokemon	29	 Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives.	
Weedle	pokemon	10	 The wild Weedle escapes and Ash reprimands the samurai for causing him to lose the Weedle, but the samurai says Ash allowed it to escape.	
Weedle	pokemon	84	 The wild Weedle escapes and Ash reprimands the samurai for causing him to lose the Weedle, but the samurai says Ash allowed it to escape.	
Weedle	pokemon	159	 Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.	
Harden	move	38	 Metapod breaks Pinsir's pincers with Harden, winning the round.	
Jessie	person	17	 A moment later, Jessie and James appear on a cliff overhead, and launch loudly into their motto, ignoring Ash's warnings that they will alert the Beedrill.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.	
Meowth	pokemon	31	 However, he is interrupted by Meowth, who jumps on the back of his head.	
Kakuna	pokemon	61	 He sees him lying at the base of a tree, surrounded by many Kakuna, and attempts to sneak forward through the grass towards him without alerting the Beedrill swarm.	
Kakuna	pokemon	35	Sure enough, the sound awakens the Kakuna, which evolve into Beedrill and prepare to dive-bomb Ash and Team Rocket.	
Kakuna	pokemon	50	 Team Rocket, meanwhile, are left wrapped up like Kakuna among a hive of angry Beedrill.	
Sleep	item	47	 He orders his newly evolved Butterfree to use Sleep Powder, which puts the bee-like Pokémon to sleep and allows the group to escape.	
James	person	28	 A moment later, Jessie and James appear on a cliff overhead, and launch loudly into their motto, ignoring Ash's warnings that they will alert the Beedrill.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.	
Misty	person	8	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Misty	person	56	 The two Metapod continue to harden themselves, leaving Misty and Pikachu wondering if the match will ever end.	
Misty	person	24	 The samurai takes Ash, Misty and their Pokémon to a safe place.	
Misty	person	65	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.	
Misty	person	18	 Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest.	
Misty	person	78	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
Badge	item	66	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
Poké	item	75	 Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives.	
Poké	item	38	Ash attempts to recall Metapod to his Poké Ball, but he rolls away from his arms.	
Gym	building	62	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash, Misty and Pikachu continue on their way through Viridian Forest, a shrill scream disrupts the calm of the trees and the Beedrill.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash turns around, realizing that the sound came from his female companion.	
Ash	person	62	 She is hiding in a tree because she has seen a bug, to which Ash suggests it to be a cowterpie.	
Ash	person	52	 Pidgeotto manages to defeat Weedle, but, just when Ash is about to toss a Poké Ball, a boy dressed as a samurai arrives.	
Ash	person	18	 The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle.	
Ash	person	58	 The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle.	
Ash	person	97	 The samurai asks Ash if he is from Pallet Town, and when Ash says he is, the samurai challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle.	
Ash	person	29	 The wild Weedle escapes and Ash reprimands the samurai for causing him to lose the Weedle, but the samurai says Ash allowed it to escape.	
Ash	person	113	 The wild Weedle escapes and Ash reprimands the samurai for causing him to lose the Weedle, but the samurai says Ash allowed it to escape.	
Ash	person	42	 The two then begin their Pokémon battle.Ash uses his Pidgeotto and the samurai battles with his Pinsir.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then sends out his Metapod.	
Ash	person	60	 Suddenly, a swarm of Beedrill angrily interrupt and kidnap Ash's Metapod.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to recall Metapod, but he misses and it gets away.	
Ash	person	19	 The samurai takes Ash, Misty and their Pokémon to a safe place.	
Ash	person	61	In the samurai's hiding place, the samurai furiously rebukes Ash for putting his Metapod in danger.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash keeps quiet, and promises himself that he will find Metapod the next day and look after him better from then on.	
Ash	person	24	Early the next morning, Ash begins his search for Metapod.	
Ash	person	107	 A moment later, Jessie and James appear on a cliff overhead, and launch loudly into their motto, ignoring Ash's warnings that they will alert the Beedrill.	
Ash	person	95	Sure enough, the sound awakens the Kakuna, which evolve into Beedrill and prepare to dive-bomb Ash and Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs forward below their attacks, reaching the tree where Metapod is waiting.	
Ash	person	201	 Jessie and James attempt to take cover from the Beedrill beneath a large protective tank they have been carrying, but, as it is made of cardboard, a group of Weedle are easily able to chew through it.Ash attempts to recall Metapod to his Poké Ball, but he rolls away from his arms.	
Ash	person	44	 Seeing a look of sorrow in Metapod's eyes, Ash realizes that he has lost Metapod's trust.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to explain what happened, saying that losing Metapod was all Samurai's fault.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash suddenly realizes that he is lying to himself and to Metapod, and admits that losing Metapod was his fault and his alone.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is upset upon realizing that it was his carelessness that put his Pokémon's life in danger, and, amid tearful apologies to Metapod, he sincerely promises to take better care of him.	
Ash	person	50	 His faith in his Trainer restored, Metapod saves Ash by leaping into the path of an attacking Beedrill, but in the process his shell is torn by the Beedrill's needle-like arm.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash picks up his Metapod and cradles him in his arms, thinking he has been badly injured, but he instead begins to glow; the hole in his shell has triggered Metapod's evolution into Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them.	
Ash	person	133	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them.	
Ash	person	160	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them.	
Ash	person	250	 Ash gazes happily at his first fully-evolved Pokémon, and even Misty doesn't feel her normal fear of bugs, going so far as to call Ash's Butterfree beautiful.Ash and the others are then once again attacked by the swarm of Beedrill, but, this time, Ash is prepared for them.	
Ash	person	18	 Samurai applauds Ash for being able to control his Butterfree well so soon after its evolution.	
Ash	person	20	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday.	
Ash	person	72	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday.	
Ash	person	114	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday.	
Ash	person	141	 Samurai also tells Ash that he takes back the statements he made about Ash being a novice, and that, compared to Ash, Samurai is the novice.Ash and Samurai part as friends, promising to battle again someday.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Pikachu and Misty then go on and finally reach the end of Viridian Forest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs at full speed towards Pewter City to earn his first Gym Badge, with Misty following close behind.	
