Pokémon Trainer	person	100	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	62	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	71	 He explains that he avoided returning to his family as a failure of a Pokémon Trainer.	
Viridian Forest	region	54	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Pokémon Breeder	person	111	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Pokémon Center	building	37	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Pokémon Center	building	17	Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Pokémon League	group	63	 She then shows Ash a poster promoting a tournament called the Pokémon League Championship and he decides to sign up.	
Boulder Badge	item	35	 Surprisingly, Brock gives him the Boulder Badge.	
Thunder Shock	move	11	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Viridian City	settlement	34	 She explains that she is not the Viridian City Joy as Ash was obviously inclined to believe, but her older sister.	
Pewter City	settlement	101	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Pewter City	settlement	50	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Pewter City	settlement	50	 The next day, Ash returns with confidence to the Pewter City Gym for a rematch.	
Pewter City	settlement	50	Ash leaves the Pewter Gym, and, on his way out of Pewter City, he apologizes to Pikachu for being so tough.	
Pewter City	settlement	55	 That evening, Ash and Brock travel on the road out of Pewter City.	
Team Rocket	group	24	The episode begins with Team Rocket digging a hole, falling into it as soon as they forget where it was dug.	
Team Rocket	group	108	 Ash and Pikachu, followed by Brock, run ahead to try and get away from Misty, while she remains in pursuit.Team Rocket shows up at the end for a final cameo, finally managing to burst out of their self-made tomb via a power drill, only to end up trampled by Ash and his friends as they run over the hole in the ground, unaware of the people underfoot.	
Flying-type	type	26	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Thunderbolt	move	81	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Pokémon Gym	building	56	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Pewter Gym	building	95	Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Pewter Gym	building	8	 In the Pewter Gym, battles are two against two.	
Pewter Gym	building	15	Ash leaves the Pewter Gym, and, on his way out of Pewter City, he apologizes to Pikachu for being so tough.	
Gym Leader	person	64	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Gym Leader	person	31	 When he arrives, he meets the Gym Leader, Brock, and challenges him to a battle.	
Water-type	type	43	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Rock-type	type	76	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Nurse Joy	person	90	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Gym Badge	item	98	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	46	 Brock sends out Geodude, while Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	93	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Electric	type	89	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Electric	type	81	Suddenly, the Gym's sprinklers are set off by a fire caused by Pikachu's earlier Electric attack.	
Electric	type	90	 Water sprays all over Onix, weakening it and allowing Pikachu to fight back with another Electric attack.	
Viridian	settlement	54	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Viridian	settlement	34	 She explains that she is not the Viridian City Joy as Ash was obviously inclined to believe, but her older sister.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 Ash begins the match with Pikachu while Brock starts off with Onix.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is intimidated by the giant Pokémon and doesn't want to battle, but Ash responds by telling Pikachu that this is his battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	102	 Pikachu is intimidated by the giant Pokémon and doesn't want to battle, but Ash responds by telling Pikachu that this is his battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 It begins to crush Pikachu, inflicting very visible pain.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 This prompts Ash to recall Pikachu, only to have the attempt thwarted by the larger Pokémon's bulk.	
Pikachu	pokemon	100	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	107	Flint and Ash travel to a hydro-electric plant, where Flint hooks up the generator to the electric sacs in Pikachu's cheeks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	109	 As the river is bone-dry, Ash must run on a large water wheel to generate the electricity, which flows into Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 He continues charging Pikachu until the generator overloads and Pikachu's electricity lights up the night sky.	
Pikachu	pokemon	65	 He continues charging Pikachu until the generator overloads and Pikachu's electricity lights up the night sky.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Ash recalls it and sends out Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Just as Pikachu is about to pass out, Brock suddenly spares it by calling Onix off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 He tells Ash to forfeit again before any more harm comes to Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	Suddenly, the Gym's sprinklers are set off by a fire caused by Pikachu's earlier Electric attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Water sprays all over Onix, weakening it and allowing Pikachu to fight back with another Electric attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Just as Ash is about to command Pikachu to finish Onix off, Brock's brothers and sisters all crowd Ash and beg him to stop.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 At this, Ash calls back his Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	80	Ash leaves the Pewter Gym, and, on his way out of Pewter City, he apologizes to Pikachu for being so tough.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu, followed by Brock, run ahead to try and get away from Misty, while she remains in pursuit.	
Thunder	move	11	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Trainer	person	131	 Flint notices that Ash is obviously upset over his loss, so he consoles him with the knowledge that Brock could be an even better Trainer than he already is.	
Trainer	person	109	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Trainer	person	71	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Trainer	person	80	 He explains that he avoided returning to his family as a failure of a Pokémon Trainer.	
Geodude	pokemon	17	 Brock sends out Geodude, while Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Geodude	pokemon	59	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Geodude	pokemon	116	Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Geodude	pokemon	19	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Breeder	person	120	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 She then shows Ash a poster promoting a tournament called the Pokémon League Championship and he decides to sign up.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Pikachu is intimidated by the giant Pokémon and doesn't want to battle, but Ash responds by telling Pikachu that this is his battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 This prompts Ash to recall Pikachu, only to have the attempt thwarted by the larger Pokémon's bulk.	
Pokémon	pokemon	100	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	107	 Brock orders his brothers and sisters to not get involved, but they protest, knowing that Brock's love of Pokémon would make it painful for him to continue the match and watch his Onix get hurt further.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 Ash doesn't want to accept the Badge, but Brock insists that Ash has earned it through his kindness to Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Pokémon	pokemon	111	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 He explains that he avoided returning to his family as a failure of a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Brock asks to make sure that it is okay that he joins Ash on his Pokémon journey, and Ash insists that he is glad to have him along.	
Flying	type	26	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Normal	type	14	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Brock	person	76	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Brock	person	43	 When he arrives, he meets the Gym Leader, Brock, and challenges him to a battle.	
Brock	person	41	 Ash begins the match with Pikachu while Brock starts off with Onix.	
Brock	person	53	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Brock	person	101	 Flint notices that Ash is obviously upset over his loss, so he consoles him with the knowledge that Brock could be an even better Trainer than he already is.	
Brock	person	18	 The two watch as Brock, in a pink apron, cares for his nine little brothers and sisters.	
Brock	person	46	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Brock	person	183	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Brock	person	24	 Ash feels sympathy for Brock, but is determined to defeat him nonetheless.	
Brock	person	99	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock is also confident after his easy victory in the last battle, and the two quickly start the rematch.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock sends out Geodude, while Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Brock	person	75	 Misty is watching in the rafters, cheering for Ash, only to be crowded by Brock's siblings, all of whom are cheering for their older brother.Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Brock	person	142	 Misty is watching in the rafters, cheering for Ash, only to be crowded by Brock's siblings, all of whom are cheering for their older brother.Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Brock	person	6	 Both Brock and Misty are stunned at this.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Brock	person	39	 Just as Pikachu is about to pass out, Brock suddenly spares it by calling Onix off.	
Brock	person	61	 Just as Ash is about to command Pikachu to finish Onix off, Brock's brothers and sisters all crowd Ash and beg him to stop.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock orders his brothers and sisters to not get involved, but they protest, knowing that Brock's love of Pokémon would make it painful for him to continue the match and watch his Onix get hurt further.	
Brock	person	91	 Brock orders his brothers and sisters to not get involved, but they protest, knowing that Brock's love of Pokémon would make it painful for him to continue the match and watch his Onix get hurt further.	
Brock	person	33	 He explains that if he defeated Brock now, it would only be because of the sprinklers being set off.	
Brock	person	58	 Then, he hears someone calling him, and he turns to find Brock running to catch up with him.	
Brock	person	15	 Surprisingly, Brock gives him the Boulder Badge.	
Brock	person	43	 Ash doesn't want to accept the Badge, but Brock insists that Ash has earned it through his kindness to Pokémon.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock continues to explain that rather than becoming a great Pokémon Trainer, his dream is to become a great Pokémon Breeder, but can't do so because of his family duties.	
Brock	person	55	Suddenly, Flint shows up again, and reveals that he is Brock's "good-for-nothing" father.	
Brock	person	69	 Ash puzzles over the fact that Flint helped him instead of his son, Brock, and Flint explains that Ash's helplessness reminded him of himself.	
Brock	person	75	 Flint is ready to take back the responsibilities that he abandoned, which Brock returns to him, along with a long list of tasks for him to remember while taking care of the children.	
Brock	person	23	 That evening, Ash and Brock travel on the road out of Pewter City.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks to make sure that it is okay that he joins Ash on his Pokémon journey, and Ash insists that he is glad to have him along.	
Brock	person	30	 Ash and Pikachu, followed by Brock, run ahead to try and get away from Misty, while she remains in pursuit.	
Flint	person	85	 As Ash takes a rest sitting on some rocks, he and Misty meet a mysterious man named Flint.	
Flint	person	1	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Flint	person	48	As a dejected Ash leaves the Gym, he encounters Flint again, who suggests that Ash follow him to his home.	
Flint	person	1	 Flint notices that Ash is obviously upset over his loss, so he consoles him with the knowledge that Brock could be an even better Trainer than he already is.	
Flint	person	35	 Ash becomes confused by this, but Flint refuses to elaborate.	
Flint	person	20	 As they walk away, Flint explains that after Brock's good-for-nothing father left home to become a Pokémon Trainer, his heartbroken mother abandoned them, leaving the eldest child, Brock to take care of his siblings.	
Flint	person	1	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.Flint and Ash travel to a hydro-electric plant, where Flint hooks up the generator to the electric sacs in Pikachu's cheeks.	
Flint	person	108	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.Flint and Ash travel to a hydro-electric plant, where Flint hooks up the generator to the electric sacs in Pikachu's cheeks.	
Flint	person	162	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.Flint and Ash travel to a hydro-electric plant, where Flint hooks up the generator to the electric sacs in Pikachu's cheeks.	
Flint	person	10	Suddenly, Flint shows up again, and reveals that he is Brock's "good-for-nothing" father.	
Flint	person	32	 Ash puzzles over the fact that Flint helped him instead of his son, Brock, and Flint explains that Ash's helplessness reminded him of himself.	
Flint	person	80	 Ash puzzles over the fact that Flint helped him instead of his son, Brock, and Flint explains that Ash's helplessness reminded him of himself.	
Flint	person	1	 Flint is ready to take back the responsibilities that he abandoned, which Brock returns to him, along with a long list of tasks for him to remember while taking care of the children.	
Misty	person	17	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Misty	person	51	 As Ash takes a rest sitting on some rocks, he and Misty meet a mysterious man named Flint.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Misty	person	13	 Later, when Misty warns Ash of Gym Leaders' prodigious skill and offers him advice, she becomes angry when he declines.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is watching in the rafters, cheering for Ash, only to be crowded by Brock's siblings, all of whom are cheering for their older brother.	
Misty	person	16	 Both Brock and Misty are stunned at this.	
Misty	person	63	 He decides he wants to win his Badge fair and square, much to Misty's disappointment, since he is giving up a lucky advantage.	
Misty	person	10	 However, Misty is a different story, and from several paces behind she yells at him to not forget about her bicycle.	
Misty	person	72	 Ash and Pikachu, followed by Brock, run ahead to try and get away from Misty, while she remains in pursuit.	
Water	type	43	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Water	type	1	 Water sprays all over Onix, weakening it and allowing Pikachu to fight back with another Electric attack.	
Badge	item	102	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Badge	item	32	 He decides he wants to win his Badge fair and square, much to Misty's disappointment, since he is giving up a lucky advantage.	
Badge	item	43	 Surprisingly, Brock gives him the Boulder Badge.	
Badge	item	32	 Ash doesn't want to accept the Badge, but Brock insists that Ash has earned it through his kindness to Pokémon.	
Badge	item	18	 He gives Ash the Badge, and asks him to fulfill his dream, to which Ash agrees.	
Onix	pokemon	63	 Ash begins the match with Pikachu while Brock starts off with Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	68	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Onix	pokemon	41	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Onix	pokemon	1	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Onix	pokemon	116	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Onix	pokemon	75	 Just as Pikachu is about to pass out, Brock suddenly spares it by calling Onix off.	
Onix	pokemon	23	 Water sprays all over Onix, weakening it and allowing Pikachu to fight back with another Electric attack.	
Onix	pokemon	51	 Just as Ash is about to command Pikachu to finish Onix off, Brock's brothers and sisters all crowd Ash and beg him to stop.	
Onix	pokemon	182	 Brock orders his brothers and sisters to not get involved, but they protest, knowing that Brock's love of Pokémon would make it painful for him to continue the match and watch his Onix get hurt further.	
Bind	move	89	 Pikachu's Thunder Shock is woefully ineffective and Brock commands Onix to counter with Bind.	
Bind	move	25	 Onix wraps Pikachu with Bind, but Pikachu makes a comeback with his new attack, Thunderbolt, which manages to hurt Onix but still isn't enough to take it out.	
Rock	type	76	 However, the Normal- and Flying-type Pokémon cannot hurt Geodude, and the Rock-type knocks Pidgeotto out.	
Gym	building	65	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Gym	building	98	 Before he can enter, however, he needs to defeat eight Pokémon Gym Leaders and earn from each a Gym Badge as proof of his victory.	
Gym	building	64	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Gym	building	32	 Later, when Misty warns Ash of Gym Leaders' prodigious skill and offers him advice, she becomes angry when he declines.	
Gym	building	102	Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Gym	building	31	 When he arrives, he meets the Gym Leader, Brock, and challenges him to a battle.	
Gym	building	15	 In the Pewter Gym, battles are two against two.	
Gym	building	29	As a dejected Ash leaves the Gym, he encounters Flint again, who suggests that Ash follow him to his home.	
Gym	building	73	 Ash agrees, and, over a batch of tea, they discuss what happened in the Gym.	
Gym	building	62	 The next day, Ash returns with confidence to the Pewter City Gym for a rematch.	
Gym	building	119	 Brock recalls his Geodude and sends out Onix, and a fearful Pikachu tries to do another Electric attack, damaging the Gym himself instead.	
Gym	building	14	Suddenly, the Gym's sprinklers are set off by a fire caused by Pikachu's earlier Electric attack.	
Gym	building	22	Ash leaves the Pewter Gym, and, on his way out of Pewter City, he apologizes to Pikachu for being so tough.	
Ash	person	12	 Meanwhile, Ash, Misty, and Pikachu reach the edge of Viridian Forest and arrive on the outskirts of Pewter City.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash takes a rest sitting on some rocks, he and Misty meet a mysterious man named Flint.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Ash	person	60	 Ash, Misty, and Pikachu head to the Pokémon Center, where Ash is surprised to encounter Nurse Joy again.	
Ash	person	55	 She explains that she is not the Viridian City Joy as Ash was obviously inclined to believe, but her older sister.	
Ash	person	16	 She then shows Ash a poster promoting a tournament called the Pokémon League Championship and he decides to sign up.	
Ash	person	40	 Flint walks in at this point and tells Ash about Pewter City's Gym Leader, Brock.	
Ash	person	27	 He is openly skeptical of Ash's chances of winning, and laughs scornfully at the very thought of it.	
Ash	person	25	 Later, when Misty warns Ash of Gym Leaders' prodigious skill and offers him advice, she becomes angry when he declines.Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Ash	person	120	 Later, when Misty warns Ash of Gym Leaders' prodigious skill and offers him advice, she becomes angry when he declines.Ash stops by the Pokémon Center again to pick up his healed team before making his way to the Pewter Gym.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash begins the match with Pikachu while Brock starts off with Onix.	
Ash	person	78	 Pikachu is intimidated by the giant Pokémon and doesn't want to battle, but Ash responds by telling Pikachu that this is his battle.	
Ash	person	14	 This prompts Ash to recall Pikachu, only to have the attempt thwarted by the larger Pokémon's bulk.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash cannot bear to watch his friend suffer any more agony, and he forfeits the match.	
Ash	person	14	As a dejected Ash leaves the Gym, he encounters Flint again, who suggests that Ash follow him to his home.	
Ash	person	79	As a dejected Ash leaves the Gym, he encounters Flint again, who suggests that Ash follow him to his home.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees, and, over a batch of tea, they discuss what happened in the Gym.	
Ash	person	20	 Flint notices that Ash is obviously upset over his loss, so he consoles him with the knowledge that Brock could be an even better Trainer than he already is.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash becomes confused by this, but Flint refuses to elaborate.	
Ash	person	19	 Instead, he leads Ash outside and gestures across the way to another house.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash feels sympathy for Brock, but is determined to defeat him nonetheless.	
Ash	person	18	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.	
Ash	person	79	 Flint recognizes Ash's determination and mentions that he might know of a way Ash can super-charge Pikachu.	
Ash	person	10	Flint and Ash travel to a hydro-electric plant, where Flint hooks up the generator to the electric sacs in Pikachu's cheeks.	
Ash	person	27	 As the river is bone-dry, Ash must run on a large water wheel to generate the electricity, which flows into Pikachu.	
Ash	person	35	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Ash	person	68	 Misty shows up and offers to lend Ash her Water-type Pokémon, but Ash refuses, wanting to defeat Brock with his own team.	
Ash	person	15	 The next day, Ash returns with confidence to the Pewter City Gym for a rematch.	
Ash	person	32	 Brock sends out Geodude, while Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls it and sends out Pikachu.	
Ash	person	48	 Misty is watching in the rafters, cheering for Ash, only to be crowded by Brock's siblings, all of whom are cheering for their older brother.	
Ash	person	39	Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Ash	person	52	Brock comments on how weak Pikachu and Ash are, and Ash retorts by commanding Pikachu's attack, which easily knocks Geodude down.	
Ash	person	10	 He tells Ash to forfeit again before any more harm comes to Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash protests, wanting to finish the battle.	
Ash	person	9	 Just as Ash is about to command Pikachu to finish Onix off, Brock's brothers and sisters all crowd Ash and beg him to stop.	
Ash	person	100	 Just as Ash is about to command Pikachu to finish Onix off, Brock's brothers and sisters all crowd Ash and beg him to stop.	
Ash	person	10	 At this, Ash calls back his Pikachu.	
Ash	person	127	 He decides he wants to win his Badge fair and square, much to Misty's disappointment, since he is giving up a lucky advantage.Ash leaves the Pewter Gym, and, on his way out of Pewter City, he apologizes to Pikachu for being so tough.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash doesn't want to accept the Badge, but Brock insists that Ash has earned it through his kindness to Pokémon.	
Ash	person	62	 Ash doesn't want to accept the Badge, but Brock insists that Ash has earned it through his kindness to Pokémon.	
Ash	person	10	 He gives Ash the Badge, and asks him to fulfill his dream, to which Ash agrees.	
Ash	person	69	 He gives Ash the Badge, and asks him to fulfill his dream, to which Ash agrees.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash puzzles over the fact that Flint helped him instead of his son, Brock, and Flint explains that Ash's helplessness reminded him of himself.	
Ash	person	100	 Ash puzzles over the fact that Flint helped him instead of his son, Brock, and Flint explains that Ash's helplessness reminded him of himself.	
Ash	person	15	 That evening, Ash and Brock travel on the road out of Pewter City.	
Ash	person	55	 Brock asks to make sure that it is okay that he joins Ash on his Pokémon journey, and Ash insists that he is glad to have him along.	
Ash	person	88	 Brock asks to make sure that it is okay that he joins Ash on his Pokémon journey, and Ash insists that he is glad to have him along.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu, followed by Brock, run ahead to try and get away from Misty, while she remains in pursuit.	
Ash	person	151	Team Rocket shows up at the end for a final cameo, finally managing to burst out of their self-made tomb via a power drill, only to end up trampled by Ash and his friends as they run over the hole in the ground, unaware of the people underfoot.	
