Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	116	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
James's Koffing	pokemon	92	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Jessie's Ekans	pokemon	73	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Thunder Shock	move	74	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Cerulean City	settlement	67	Following the night's events, Ash, Misty, and Brock move on toward Cerulean City.	
Team Rocket	group	44	 Brock and Ash agree that they have to stop Team Rocket, before they make any more trouble.Team Rocket freely admits to putting up the lights; Meowth even reveals their plan to steal the Moon Stone.	
Team Rocket	group	91	 Brock and Ash agree that they have to stop Team Rocket, before they make any more trouble.Team Rocket freely admits to putting up the lights; Meowth even reveals their plan to steal the Moon Stone.	
Team Rocket	group	123	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Team Rocket	group	125	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Team Rocket	group	131	 Seymour states that humans are supposed to ride the Stone back out to the stars, but his epiphany is interrupted by the return of Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	16	Seymour attacks Team Rocket to keep them from the Stone, but he is unsuccessful and loses his glasses.	
Team Rocket	group	24	 When the smoke clears, Team Rocket is gone, and the Moon Stone with them.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 One of the Clefairy retrieves Seymour's glasses for him.Team Rocket is sliding downhill with the Stone on a sled.	
Team Rocket	group	25	 Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground.	
Team Rocket	group	132	 The Clefairy use a Metronome attack to hypnotize the humans, and then they follow up with what appears to be a Hyper Beam, sending Team Rocket flying off once more.	
Double Team	move	71	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
SmokeScreen	move	48	 Jessie orders a Dig attack, and James orders a SmokeScreen.	
Supersonic	person	54	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Hyper Beam	move	112	 The Clefairy use a Metronome attack to hypnotize the humans, and then they follow up with what appears to be a Hyper Beam, sending Team Rocket flying off once more.	
Butterfree	pokemon	122	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Butterfree	pokemon	19	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Butterfree	pokemon	104	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Moon Stone	item	56	 Moon, talking about the legend of a meteor called the "Moon Stone".	
Moon Stone	item	17	 Apparently, the Moon Stone crashed into the mountain in prehistoric times.	
Moon Stone	item	67	Seymour explains that he believes that the attackers are after the Moon Stone.	
Moon Stone	item	91	 Seymour theorizes that this is because the native Pokémon came from outer space, and the Moon Stone was their spacecraft—which means the Stone belongs to the Pokémon, and that the humans must leave it alone.	
Moon Stone	item	96	Team Rocket freely admits to putting up the lights; Meowth even reveals their plan to steal the Moon Stone.	
Moon Stone	item	103	 They follow it up the mountain, where Meowth is waiting for them, and he demands that he be given the Moon Stone.	
Moon Stone	item	67	 They arrive at another cave, where they find the huge core of the Moon Stone.	
Moon Stone	item	59	 Dozens of Clefairy approach and begin to dance around the Moon Stone, praying to it.	
Moon Stone	item	53	 When the smoke clears, Team Rocket is gone, and the Moon Stone with them.	
Moon Stone	item	14	 Chips of the Moon Stone drift down from the sky, and as they fall on the Clefairy, many of the Clefairy evolve into Clefable.	
Metronome	move	20	 The Clefairy use a Metronome attack to hypnotize the humans, and then they follow up with what appears to be a Hyper Beam, sending Team Rocket flying off once more.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	169	 He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.	
Poké Ball	item	42	 Misty summons her Staryu by dropping its Poké Ball into the river.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	18	 Ash then summons Pidgeotto and orders it to Whirlwind the smoke away.	
Whirlwind	move	32	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Whirlwind	move	89	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Whirlwind	move	45	 Ash then summons Pidgeotto and orders it to Whirlwind the smoke away.	
Clefable	pokemon	117	 Chips of the Moon Stone drift down from the sky, and as they fall on the Clefairy, many of the Clefairy evolve into Clefable.	
Clefable	pokemon	37	 Seymour stays with the Clefairy and Clefable, hoping to someday visit outer space with them.	
Mt. Moon	region	39	Ash, Misty and Brock are hiking toward Mt. Moon, talking about the legend of a meteor called the "Moon Stone".	
Clefairy	pokemon	19	 At that moment, a Clefairy bounces past, carrying something.	
Clefairy	pokemon	5	 The Clefairy is trapped by Meowth, who is in turn challenged by Ash.	
Clefairy	pokemon	41	Misty and Seymour had been following the Clefairy, which makes its way out of the cave.	
Clefairy	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Clefairy and Pikachu are having a conversation on a nearby rock.	
Clefairy	pokemon	1	 Clefairy adds its stone to the ring at the base of the core, which completes the "circuit".	
Clefairy	pokemon	11	 Dozens of Clefairy approach and begin to dance around the Moon Stone, praying to it.	
Clefairy	pokemon	12	 One of the Clefairy retrieves Seymour's glasses for him.	
Clefairy	pokemon	33	 At that moment, Seymour and the Clefairy appear from Onix's tunnel.	
Clefairy	pokemon	5	 The Clefairy use a Metronome attack to hypnotize the humans, and then they follow up with what appears to be a Hyper Beam, sending Team Rocket flying off once more.	
Clefairy	pokemon	74	 Chips of the Moon Stone drift down from the sky, and as they fall on the Clefairy, many of the Clefairy evolve into Clefable.	
Clefairy	pokemon	96	 Chips of the Moon Stone drift down from the sky, and as they fall on the Clefairy, many of the Clefairy evolve into Clefable.	
Clefairy	pokemon	24	 Seymour stays with the Clefairy and Clefable, hoping to someday visit outer space with them.	
Seymour	person	26	 He introduces himself as Seymour, a scientist.	
Seymour	person	187	 He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.Seymour explains that he believes that the attackers are after the Moon Stone.	
Seymour	person	1	 Seymour theorizes that this is because the native Pokémon came from outer space, and the Moon Stone was their spacecraft—which means the Stone belongs to the Pokémon, and that the humans must leave it alone.	
Seymour	person	59	 Ash scans it on his Pokédex and decides to catch it, but Seymour tells him to leave it alone.	
Seymour	person	10	Misty and Seymour had been following the Clefairy, which makes its way out of the cave.	
Seymour	person	1	 Seymour tastes it and deems it "not bad"; Ash follows suit and finds it awful.	
Seymour	person	1	 Seymour states that humans are supposed to ride the Stone back out to the stars, but his epiphany is interrupted by the return of Team Rocket.Seymour attacks Team Rocket to keep them from the Stone, but he is unsuccessful and loses his glasses.	
Seymour	person	143	 Seymour states that humans are supposed to ride the Stone back out to the stars, but his epiphany is interrupted by the return of Team Rocket.Seymour attacks Team Rocket to keep them from the Stone, but he is unsuccessful and loses his glasses.	
Seymour	person	31	 One of the Clefairy retrieves Seymour's glasses for him.	
Seymour	person	17	 At that moment, Seymour and the Clefairy appear from Onix's tunnel.	
Seymour	person	1	 Seymour stays with the Clefairy and Clefable, hoping to someday visit outer space with them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Meanwhile, Clefairy and Pikachu are having a conversation on a nearby rock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Koffing	pokemon	100	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Koffing	pokemon	14	 James orders Koffing to generate a Smog attack.	
Koffing	pokemon	98	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Koffing	pokemon	42	 Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground.	
Thunder	move	74	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 Fragments of the Stone are said to increase a Pokémon's power.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 Seymour theorizes that this is because the native Pokémon came from outer space, and the Moon Stone was their spacecraft—which means the Stone belongs to the Pokémon, and that the humans must leave it alone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	162	 Seymour theorizes that this is because the native Pokémon came from outer space, and the Moon Stone was their spacecraft—which means the Stone belongs to the Pokémon, and that the humans must leave it alone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	21	 Brock feeds all the Pokémon with Pokémon food, made according to his own special recipe.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Brock feeds all the Pokémon with Pokémon food, made according to his own special recipe.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground.	
Pokédex	item	21	 Ash scans it on his Pokédex and decides to catch it, but Seymour tells him to leave it alone.	
Jessie	person	25	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Jessie	person	73	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Jessie	person	63	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie orders a Dig attack, and James orders a SmokeScreen.	
Meowth	pokemon	28	 The Clefairy is trapped by Meowth, who is in turn challenged by Ash.	
Meowth	pokemon	52	Team Rocket freely admits to putting up the lights; Meowth even reveals their plan to steal the Moon Stone.	
Meowth	pokemon	166	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	39	 They follow it up the mountain, where Meowth is waiting for them, and he demands that he be given the Moon Stone.	
Meowth	pokemon	36	 Without much trouble, Staryu sends Meowth blasting off as well.	
Tackle	move	18	 Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground.	
Staryu	pokemon	19	 Misty summons her Staryu by dropping its Poké Ball into the river.	
Staryu	pokemon	23	 Without much trouble, Staryu sends Meowth blasting off as well.	
Paras	pokemon	159	 He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.	
Brock	person	15	Ash, Misty and Brock are hiking toward Mt.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Ash agree that they have to stop Team Rocket, before they make any more trouble.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Brock	person	137	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Brock	person	47	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock feeds all the Pokémon with Pokémon food, made according to his own special recipe.	
Brock	person	33	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves.	
Brock	person	46	Following the night's events, Ash, Misty, and Brock move on toward Cerulean City.	
Zubat	pokemon	82	 Near the foot of the mountain, they encounter a man being attacked by a flock of Zubat.	
Zubat	pokemon	5	 The Zubat fly away, and the man, who is wearing a lab coat, thanks Ash profusely.	
Zubat	pokemon	144	 He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.	
Zubat	pokemon	149	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Zubat	pokemon	58	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Zubat	pokemon	77	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.	
James	person	36	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
James	person	92	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
James	person	1	 James orders Koffing to generate a Smog attack.	
James	person	74	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
James	person	33	 Jessie orders a Dig attack, and James orders a SmokeScreen.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty and Brock are hiking toward Mt.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Misty	person	173	 The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.Misty and Seymour had been following the Clefairy, which makes its way out of the cave.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty summons her Staryu by dropping its Poké Ball into the river.	
Misty	person	35	Following the night's events, Ash, Misty, and Brock move on toward Cerulean City.	
Ekans	pokemon	82	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Ekans	pokemon	88	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Onix	pokemon	47	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Onix	pokemon	14	 Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves.	
Onix	pokemon	1	 Onix appears suddenly, upsetting the sled.	
Onix	pokemon	1	 Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground.	
Onix	pokemon	54	 At that moment, Seymour and the Clefairy appear from Onix's tunnel.	
Poké	item	42	 Misty summons her Staryu by dropping its Poké Ball into the river.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary had left graffiti on a sign stating, "Gary was here!	
Gary	person	44	 Gary had left graffiti on a sign stating, "Gary was here!	
Smog	move	36	 James orders Koffing to generate a Smog attack.	
Smog	move	110	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Dig	move	17	 Jessie orders a Dig attack, and James orders a SmokeScreen.	
Dig	move	22	 Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves.	
Ash	person	15	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Ash	person	48	 Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock.	
Ash	person	68	 The Zubat fly away, and the man, who is wearing a lab coat, thanks Ash profusely.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans it on his Pokédex and decides to catch it, but Seymour tells him to leave it alone.	
Ash	person	65	 The Clefairy is trapped by Meowth, who is in turn challenged by Ash.	
Ash	person	11	 Brock and Ash agree that they have to stop Team Rocket, before they make any more trouble.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Ash	person	116	 Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise.	
Ash	person	43	 Seymour tastes it and deems it "not bad"; Ash follows suit and finds it awful.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then summons Pidgeotto and orders it to Whirlwind the smoke away.	
Ash	person	30	Following the night's events, Ash, Misty, and Brock move on toward Cerulean City.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is a loser!	
Ash	person	13	" Seeing it, Ash takes off down the road at a run as the episode ends.	
