The Sensational Sisters	person	90	As it turns out, Misty is herself a Cerulean Gym Leader as well, and also the youngest of The Sensational Sisters, but because she is so much younger than her three sisters, they call her a runt and refuse to acknowledge her as being just as good as they are.	
Vermilion City	settlement	138	 For some reason, though, Misty seems to be trying to avoid entering Cerulean, and tries, unsuccessfully, to convince the others to go to Vermilion City instead.	
Vermilion City	settlement	73	 Brock then meets Ash outside of the Gym, and together they all head for Vermilion City.	
Misty's Staryu	pokemon	45	 Instead, Ash sends out Butterfree to battle Misty's Staryu.	
Cascade Badge	item	108	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Cascade Badge	item	116	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Cascade Badge	item	48	 After Team Rocket is gone, Daisy gives Ash the Cascade Badge.	
Boulder Badge	item	26	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Officer Jenny	person	38	 When they get to the front, they see Officer Jenny, and she accuses Ash and Brock of being criminals.	
Cerulean City	settlement	76	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Cerulean City	settlement	25	When Ash and Brock enter Cerulean City, they see a big crowd of people in a circle surrounding a building.	
Cerulean Gym	building	37	 They split up, and Ash heads to the Cerulean Gym alone.	
Cerulean Gym	building	36	As it turns out, Misty is herself a Cerulean Gym Leader as well, and also the youngest of The Sensational Sisters, but because she is so much younger than her three sisters, they call her a runt and refuse to acknowledge her as being just as good as they are.	
Cerulean Gym	building	72	 After Misty argues with her sisters, she challenges Ash to an official Cerulean Gym battle, two Pokémon per side.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Team Rocket	group	6	While Team Rocket's vacuum is sucking up the Water Pokémon, it sucks in Pikachu as well.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 He releases a Thunderbolt attack, which explodes the machine, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 After Team Rocket is gone, Daisy gives Ash the Cascade Badge.	
Thunderbolt	move	15	 He releases a Thunderbolt attack, which explodes the machine, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Butterfree	pokemon	24	 Instead, Ash sends out Butterfree to battle Misty's Staryu.	
Butterfree	pokemon	23	 After a quick battle, Butterfree gets knocked into the water, causing him to lose the battle.	
Gym Leader	person	82	 After that, they sit on a bench and Ash asks Brock for inside information on the Gym Leader.	
Gym Leader	person	27	 Brock tells him that as a Gym Leader, he cannot give out that information.	
Gym Leader	person	45	As it turns out, Misty is herself a Cerulean Gym Leader as well, and also the youngest of The Sensational Sisters, but because she is so much younger than her three sisters, they call her a runt and refuse to acknowledge her as being just as good as they are.	
Water-type	type	94	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Water-type	type	136	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	55	 After that, Misty sends out Starmie and Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto uses Whirlwind on Starmie, but it jumps into the water and attacks Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	78	 Pidgeotto uses Whirlwind on Starmie, but it jumps into the water and attacks Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto uses Gust, causing Starmie to hit the wall.	
Whirlwind	move	16	 Pidgeotto uses Whirlwind on Starmie, but it jumps into the water and attacks Pidgeotto.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 Ash tries to send out Pikachu, but Pikachu refuses to go into battle because he does not want to hurt Misty or her Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash tries to send out Pikachu, but Pikachu refuses to go into battle because he does not want to hurt Misty or her Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	While Team Rocket's vacuum is sucking up the Water Pokémon, it sucks in Pikachu as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Trainer	person	114	 Misty agrees with her sisters and claims that when she comes back from her journey with Ash, she will be a great Trainer.	
Starmie	pokemon	29	 After that, Misty sends out Starmie and Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Starmie	pokemon	29	 Pidgeotto uses Whirlwind on Starmie, but it jumps into the water and attacks Pidgeotto.	
Starmie	pokemon	30	 Pidgeotto uses Gust, causing Starmie to hit the wall.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 After Misty argues with her sisters, she challenges Ash to an official Cerulean Gym battle, two Pokémon per side.	
Pokémon	pokemon	116	 Ash tries to send out Pikachu, but Pikachu refuses to go into battle because he does not want to hurt Misty or her Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	While Team Rocket's vacuum is sucking up the Water Pokémon, it sucks in Pikachu as well.	
Pokémon	pokemon	147	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Violet	person	29	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Staryu	pokemon	53	 Instead, Ash sends out Butterfree to battle Misty's Staryu.	
Brock	person	20	 She leaves Ash and Brock as they enter the city.	
Brock	person	13	When Ash and Brock enter Cerulean City, they see a big crowd of people in a circle surrounding a building.	
Brock	person	77	 When they get to the front, they see Officer Jenny, and she accuses Ash and Brock of being criminals.	
Brock	person	46	 After that, they sit on a bench and Ash asks Brock for inside information on the Gym Leader.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tells him that as a Gym Leader, he cannot give out that information.	
Brock	person	6	 Then Brock decides to check something out that he has been meaning to look at.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock then meets Ash outside of the Gym, and together they all head for Vermilion City.	
Daisy	person	18	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Daisy	person	28	 After Team Rocket is gone, Daisy gives Ash the Cascade Badge.	
Misty	person	26	 For some reason, though, Misty seems to be trying to avoid entering Cerulean, and tries, unsuccessfully, to convince the others to go to Vermilion City instead.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, who has been spying on the entire scene, interferes at the last minute and challenges Ash to a battle.	
Misty	person	17	As it turns out, Misty is herself a Cerulean Gym Leader as well, and also the youngest of The Sensational Sisters, but because she is so much younger than her three sisters, they call her a runt and refuse to acknowledge her as being just as good as they are.	
Misty	person	7	 After Misty argues with her sisters, she challenges Ash to an official Cerulean Gym battle, two Pokémon per side.	
Misty	person	103	 Ash tries to send out Pikachu, but Pikachu refuses to go into battle because he does not want to hurt Misty or her Pokémon.	
Misty	person	45	 Instead, Ash sends out Butterfree to battle Misty's Staryu.	
Misty	person	13	 After that, Misty sends out Starmie and Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty agrees with her sisters and claims that when she comes back from her journey with Ash, she will be a great Trainer.	
Water	type	94	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Water	type	45	While Team Rocket's vacuum is sucking up the Water Pokémon, it sucks in Pikachu as well.	
Water	type	136	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Badge	item	34	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Badge	item	116	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Badge	item	124	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Badge	item	56	 After Team Rocket is gone, Daisy gives Ash the Cascade Badge.	
Gust	move	16	 Pidgeotto uses Gust, causing Starmie to hit the wall.	
Lily	person	12	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Gym	building	82	 After that, they sit on a bench and Ash asks Brock for inside information on the Gym Leader.	
Gym	building	27	 Brock tells him that as a Gym Leader, he cannot give out that information.	
Gym	building	46	 They split up, and Ash heads to the Cerulean Gym alone.	
Gym	building	21	When Ash reaches the Gym, he finds three sisters performing an underwater show for a crowd of people.	
Gym	building	60	 Ash meets the girls backstage, finds out that they are the Gym Leaders, and challenges them to a battle.	
Gym	building	45	As it turns out, Misty is herself a Cerulean Gym Leader as well, and also the youngest of The Sensational Sisters, but because she is so much younger than her three sisters, they call her a runt and refuse to acknowledge her as being just as good as they are.	
Gym	building	81	 After Misty argues with her sisters, she challenges Ash to an official Cerulean Gym battle, two Pokémon per side.	
Gym	building	137	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Gym	building	37	 Brock then meets Ash outside of the Gym, and together they all head for Vermilion City.	
Ash	person	41	Excited about winning his Boulder Badge, Ash is extremely excited to get to Cerulean City to battle for his Cascade Badge.	
Ash	person	12	 She leaves Ash and Brock as they enter the city.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash and Brock enter Cerulean City, they see a big crowd of people in a circle surrounding a building.	
Ash	person	69	 When they get to the front, they see Officer Jenny, and she accuses Ash and Brock of being criminals.	
Ash	person	37	 After that, they sit on a bench and Ash asks Brock for inside information on the Gym Leader.	
Ash	person	20	 They split up, and Ash heads to the Cerulean Gym alone.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash reaches the Gym, he finds three sisters performing an underwater show for a crowd of people.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash meets the girls backstage, finds out that they are the Gym Leaders, and challenges them to a battle.	
Ash	person	108	 The girls, Lily, Daisy, and Violet, explain that their Pokémon are too tired to battle, and offer to give Ash the Cascade Badge without a proper match.	
Ash	person	94	 Misty, who has been spying on the entire scene, interferes at the last minute and challenges Ash to a battle.	
Ash	person	53	 After Misty argues with her sisters, she challenges Ash to an official Cerulean Gym battle, two Pokémon per side.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to send out Pikachu, but Pikachu refuses to go into battle because he does not want to hurt Misty or her Pokémon.	
Ash	person	10	 Instead, Ash sends out Butterfree to battle Misty's Staryu.	
Ash	person	41	 After that, Misty sends out Starmie and Ash sends out Pidgeotto.	
Ash	person	9	 Just as Ash is about to win the battle, Team Rocket interrupts and tries to steal all of the Water-type Pokémon and the water from the Gym using a giant vacuum machine.	
Ash	person	40	 After Team Rocket is gone, Daisy gives Ash the Cascade Badge.	
Ash	person	60	 Misty tries to argue, but her sisters convince her that if Ash had used Pikachu from the start, he would have easily beaten all of her Water-type Pokémon.	
Ash	person	89	 Misty agrees with her sisters and claims that when she comes back from her journey with Ash, she will be a great Trainer.	
Ash	person	18	 Brock then meets Ash outside of the Gym, and together they all head for Vermilion City.	
