Pokémon Trainer	person	46	's training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
Vermilion City	settlement	42	Ash, Misty, and Brock are on their way to Vermilion City.	
Pokémon Master	person	51	 Like Ash, he too wants to be the world's greatest Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon League	group	105	's Gym indicates that he has a record of 98 wins to zero losses, but that his Gym is not licensed by the Pokémon League.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	41	 summons his Sandshrew to battle against Ash's Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 While all of this is happening, Team Rocket is spying on the match from a tree nearby.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is crouched behind A.	
Team Rocket	group	74	 Sandshrew then makes fun of Pikachu and rolls itself into a ball as well.Team Rocket rolls into the tent inside a rubber ball, intending to steal Pikachu, but they grab Sandshrew by mistake.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 Meanwhile, while arguing over who carries the bag, Team Rocket is startled when Sandshrew flies out.	
Butterfree	pokemon	19	Ash then calls out Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	42	 It bursts out of the ground, eliminating Butterfree as well.	
Stun Spore	move	14	 Ash orders a Stun Spore attack, but A.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	13	 summons his Sandshrew to battle against Ash's Pokémon.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	32	 He summons Pidgeotto to battle Sandshrew.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	10	 However, Sandshrew rolls itself into a ball and hurls itself into the air, striking and eliminating Pidgeotto.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	21	 cracks his whip and Sandshrew digs underground, avoiding it.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	3	's Sandshrew.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	5	 His Sandshrew is wearing a "strength intensifier" invented by A.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	16	 It enables the Sandshrew to withstand the weakening effects of the water.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	22	 says he's tougher on Sandshrew than his other Pokémon because it was his very first.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	36	 Pikachu attempts to pick up one of Sandshrew's dumbbells, but falls backward under the weight, while Sandshrew does rapid exercises.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	102	 Pikachu attempts to pick up one of Sandshrew's dumbbells, but falls backward under the weight, while Sandshrew does rapid exercises.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	1	 Sandshrew then makes fun of Pikachu and rolls itself into a ball as well.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	96	Team Rocket rolls into the tent inside a rubber ball, intending to steal Pikachu, but they grab Sandshrew by mistake.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	39	 ends the rest break, he realizes that Sandshrew is missing.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	70	 He releases Pikachu from the harness, but Pikachu doesn't know where Sandshrew is either.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	42	 is extremely insulted at this, insisting Sandshrew would not have run away after all they had been through together.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	41	 He sends his other Pokémon to look for Sandshrew, but Ash tries to convince A.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	81	 Meanwhile, while arguing over who carries the bag, Team Rocket is startled when Sandshrew flies out.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	14	 Meowth bites Sandshrew's tail and Sandshrew burrows underground in pain.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	35	 Meowth bites Sandshrew's tail and Sandshrew burrows underground in pain.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	20	 are still arguing, Sandshrew bursts out of the ground next to him, dragging Meowth.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	5	 and Sandshrew are to be back together, Ash, Misty, and Brock realize how deeply A.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	17	 that taking his Sandshrew was a mistake; James calls it "second-rate," earning A.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	1	 Sandshrew takes them both out, then defeats Meowth while the cat Pokémon tries to bite its armored skin.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	1	 Sandshrew wins with a Fissure attack, defeating them once and for all.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	59	 Along the way, Ash has a battle with another Trainer, and Pidgeotto defeats a Rattata, securing Ash's 10th victory.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	12	 He summons Pidgeotto to battle Sandshrew.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	101	 However, Sandshrew rolls itself into a ball and hurls itself into the air, striking and eliminating Pidgeotto.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 Although Ash wants Pikachu to fight, Pikachu grabs hold of the edge of the playing field and refuses to go, finally shocking Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 Although Ash wants Pikachu to fight, Pikachu grabs hold of the edge of the playing field and refuses to go, finally shocking Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attempts to pick up one of Sandshrew's dumbbells, but falls backward under the weight, while Sandshrew does rapid exercises.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 insults Pikachu, and Ash takes a swing at him, dumping them both into the pool.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries on the strength intensifier, but it fits badly and pulls him into a ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Sandshrew then makes fun of Pikachu and rolls itself into a ball as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	Team Rocket rolls into the tent inside a rubber ball, intending to steal Pikachu, but they grab Sandshrew by mistake.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 He releases Pikachu from the harness, but Pikachu doesn't know where Sandshrew is either.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 He releases Pikachu from the harness, but Pikachu doesn't know where Sandshrew is either.	
Pikachu	pokemon	74	 Ash suggests that it ran away because it saw how much better Ash treated Pikachu.	
Koffing	pokemon	55	 As usual, Jessie summons her Ekans and James uses his Koffing.	
Rattata	pokemon	79	 Along the way, Ash has a battle with another Trainer, and Pidgeotto defeats a Rattata, securing Ash's 10th victory.	
Trainer	person	46	 Along the way, Ash has a battle with another Trainer, and Pidgeotto defeats a Rattata, securing Ash's 10th victory.	
Trainer	person	5	 The Trainer admires Ash's two Badges, leading Misty to muse that giving Ash the Badge may have been a mistake.	
Trainer	person	5	 The Trainer points Ash to an unofficial Gym, where a strong Trainer named A.	
Trainer	person	61	 The Trainer points Ash to an unofficial Gym, where a strong Trainer named A.	
Trainer	person	55	's training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
Fissure	move	23	 Sandshrew wins with a Fissure attack, defeating them once and for all.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 trains "savage Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	's Gym indicates that he has a record of 98 wins to zero losses, but that his Gym is not licensed by the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 summons his Sandshrew to battle against Ash's Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	74	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 Brock notes that a Flying Pokémon should have the advantage.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Refusing to believe that anyone's Pokémon could be so strong, Ash accuses A.	
Pokémon	pokemon	14	 training his Pokémon, yelling angrily and cracking his whip.	
Pokémon	pokemon	18	 from hurting the Pokémon, but A.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 says he's tougher on Sandshrew than his other Pokémon because it was his very first.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	's training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	's training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	3	's Pokémon are all exhausted.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	 He sends his other Pokémon to look for Sandshrew, but Ash tries to convince A.	
Pokémon	pokemon	3	's Pokémon to leave with him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 cares for his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	Realizing that he is facing a lot of angry Pokémon and their Trainers, Meowth tries to figure a way out of his situation, when James and Jessie begin their standard litany.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Sandshrew takes them both out, then defeats Meowth while the cat Pokémon tries to bite its armored skin.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	's 100th win, he and his Pokémon now leave to begin earning Badges.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 Like Ash, he too wants to be the world's greatest Pokémon Master.	
Ground	type	67	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Flying	type	20	 Brock notes that a Flying Pokémon should have the advantage.	
Jessie	person	138	Realizing that he is facing a lot of angry Pokémon and their Trainers, Meowth tries to figure a way out of his situation, when James and Jessie begin their standard litany.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tells A.	
Jessie	person	11	 As usual, Jessie summons her Ekans and James uses his Koffing.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth bites Sandshrew's tail and Sandshrew burrows underground in pain.	
Meowth	pokemon	77	 are still arguing, Sandshrew bursts out of the ground next to him, dragging Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	72	Realizing that he is facing a lot of angry Pokémon and their Trainers, Meowth tries to figure a way out of his situation, when James and Jessie begin their standard litany.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Sandshrew takes them both out, then defeats Meowth while the cat Pokémon tries to bite its armored skin.	
Spore	move	19	 Ash orders a Stun Spore attack, but A.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are on their way to Vermilion City.	
Brock	person	84	 insults the Gyms, calling them "Failure City" and "Wimpsville," angering Misty and Brock.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock notes that a Flying Pokémon should have the advantage.	
Brock	person	13	 He asks for Brock's input, but Brock only wants to know what kind of food A.	
Brock	person	32	 He asks for Brock's input, but Brock only wants to know what kind of food A.	
Brock	person	7	, like Brock, mixes his own food to a secret recipe.	
Brock	person	56	 and Sandshrew are to be back together, Ash, Misty, and Brock realize how deeply A.	
James	person	128	Realizing that he is facing a lot of angry Pokémon and their Trainers, Meowth tries to figure a way out of his situation, when James and Jessie begin their standard litany.	
James	person	42	 that taking his Sandshrew was a mistake; James calls it "second-rate," earning A.	
James	person	40	 As usual, Jessie summons her Ekans and James uses his Koffing.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are on their way to Vermilion City.	
Misty	person	47	 The Trainer admires Ash's two Badges, leading Misty to muse that giving Ash the Badge may have been a mistake.	
Misty	person	4	 As Misty insults Ash, A.	
Misty	person	74	 insults the Gyms, calling them "Failure City" and "Wimpsville," angering Misty and Brock.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Misty	person	45	 and Sandshrew are to be back together, Ash, Misty, and Brock realize how deeply A.	
Badge	item	81	 The Trainer admires Ash's two Badges, leading Misty to muse that giving Ash the Badge may have been a mistake.	
Ekans	pokemon	30	 As usual, Jessie summons her Ekans and James uses his Koffing.	
A.J.	person	75	 The Trainer points Ash to an unofficial Gym, where a strong Trainer named A.J. trains "savage Pokémon.	
A.J.	person	2	" A.J. has "never lost a single match," a challenge Ash cannot resist.	
A.J.	person	17	The sign outside A.J.'s Gym indicates that he has a record of 98 wins to zero losses, but that his Gym is not licensed by the Pokémon League.	
A.J.	person	23	 As Misty insults Ash, A.J. walks up and challenges Ash to a battle.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J. snaps a whip, making Ash jump.	
A.J.	person	78	 Ash smugly tells him that he has ten wins and two Gym Badges, at which point A.J. insults the Gyms, calling them "Failure City" and "Wimpsville," angering Misty and Brock.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J. summons his Sandshrew to battle against Ash's Pokémon.	
A.J.	person	37	 Ash orders a Stun Spore attack, but A.J. cracks his whip and Sandshrew digs underground, avoiding it.	
A.J.	person	34	 They decide they wanted to steal A.J.'s Sandshrew.	
A.J.	person	76	 Refusing to believe that anyone's Pokémon could be so strong, Ash accuses A.J. of cheating, as he obviously would have won in a fair fight.	
A.J.	person	62	 He demands that they have a rematch at another location, but A.J. tells him to quit whining.	
A.J.	person	22	 Later, Ash overhears A.J. training his Pokémon, yelling angrily and cracking his whip.	
A.J.	person	24	 Ash intervenes to stop A.J. from hurting the Pokémon, but A.	
A.J.	person	63	 His Sandshrew is wearing a "strength intensifier" invented by A.J. himself.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J. says he's tougher on Sandshrew than his other Pokémon because it was his very first.	
A.J.	person	12	Appalled at A.J.'s training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
A.J.	person	75	 He asks for Brock's input, but Brock only wants to know what kind of food A.J. is using.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J., like Brock, mixes his own food to a secret recipe.	
A.J.	person	43	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is crouched behind A.J.'s tent, preparing for their attempted heist.	
A.J.	person	21	 After the training, A.J.'s Pokémon are all exhausted.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J. insults Pikachu, and Ash takes a swing at him, dumping them both into the pool.	
A.J.	person	7	 After A.J. ends the rest break, he realizes that Sandshrew is missing.	
A.J.	person	1	 A.J. is extremely insulted at this, insisting Sandshrew would not have run away after all they had been through together.	
A.J.	person	78	 He sends his other Pokémon to look for Sandshrew, but Ash tries to convince A.J.'s Pokémon to leave with him.	
A.J.	person	17	 Despite the way A.J. has treated them, they ignore Ash.	
A.J.	person	15	 While Ash and A.J. are still arguing, Sandshrew bursts out of the ground next to him, dragging Meowth.	
A.J.	person	18	 Seeing how happy A.J. and Sandshrew are to be back together, Ash, Misty, and Brock realize how deeply A.	
A.J.	person	14	 Jessie tells A.J. that taking his Sandshrew was a mistake; James calls it "second-rate," earning A.	
A.J.	person	12	 As this is A.J.'s 100th win, he and his Pokémon now leave to begin earning Badges.	
Gym	building	41	 The Trainer points Ash to an unofficial Gym, where a strong Trainer named A.	
Gym	building	3	's Gym indicates that he has a record of 98 wins to zero losses, but that his Gym is not licensed by the Pokémon League.	
Gym	building	78	's Gym indicates that he has a record of 98 wins to zero losses, but that his Gym is not licensed by the Pokémon League.	
Gym	building	51	 Ash smugly tells him that he has ten wins and two Gym Badges, at which point A.	
Ash	person	16	 Along the way, Ash has a battle with another Trainer, and Pidgeotto defeats a Rattata, securing Ash's 10th victory.	
Ash	person	97	 Along the way, Ash has a battle with another Trainer, and Pidgeotto defeats a Rattata, securing Ash's 10th victory.	
Ash	person	21	 The Trainer admires Ash's two Badges, leading Misty to muse that giving Ash the Badge may have been a mistake.	
Ash	person	73	 The Trainer admires Ash's two Badges, leading Misty to muse that giving Ash the Badge may have been a mistake.	
Ash	person	20	 The Trainer points Ash to an unofficial Gym, where a strong Trainer named A.	
Ash	person	46	 has "never lost a single match," a challenge Ash cannot resist.	
Ash	person	18	 As Misty insults Ash, A.	
Ash	person	25	 walks up and challenges Ash to a battle.	
Ash	person	22	 snaps a whip, making Ash jump.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash smugly tells him that he has ten wins and two Gym Badges, at which point A.	
Ash	person	41	 summons his Sandshrew to battle against Ash's Pokémon.	
Ash	person	15	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Ash	person	88	 Misty reminds Ash that Pikachu's electricity is useless against a Ground Pokémon, but Ash rejects her advice.	
Ash	person	111	 However, Sandshrew rolls itself into a ball and hurls itself into the air, striking and eliminating Pidgeotto.Ash then calls out Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders a Stun Spore attack, but A.	
Ash	person	10	 Although Ash wants Pikachu to fight, Pikachu grabs hold of the edge of the playing field and refuses to go, finally shocking Ash.	
Ash	person	126	 Although Ash wants Pikachu to fight, Pikachu grabs hold of the edge of the playing field and refuses to go, finally shocking Ash.	
Ash	person	64	 Refusing to believe that anyone's Pokémon could be so strong, Ash accuses A.	
Ash	person	8	 Later, Ash overhears A.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash intervenes to stop A.	
Ash	person	21	's training methods, Ash asserts that a great Pokémon Trainer should make friends with his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	22	 insults Pikachu, and Ash takes a swing at him, dumping them both into the pool.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash suggests that it ran away because it saw how much better Ash treated Pikachu.	
Ash	person	62	 Ash suggests that it ran away because it saw how much better Ash treated Pikachu.	
Ash	person	56	 He sends his other Pokémon to look for Sandshrew, but Ash tries to convince A.	
Ash	person	31	 has treated them, they ignore Ash.	
Ash	person	7	 While Ash and A.	
Ash	person	40	 and Sandshrew are to be back together, Ash, Misty, and Brock realize how deeply A.	
Ash	person	6	 Like Ash, he too wants to be the world's greatest Pokémon Master.	
