Pokémon Technical Institute	building	43	 The boys reveal that they are students of Pokémon Technical Institute, a boarding school which educates Pokémon Trainers.	
Misty's Starmie	pokemon	41	 Giselle summons a Graveler to challenge Misty's Starmie.	
Pokémon League	group	102	 The school trains its students without sending them to collect Badges, and guarantees entry into the Pokémon League upon graduation.	
Pokémon League	group	39	 Perhaps one day they will meet in the Pokémon League.	
Thunder Shock	move	17	 Ash calls for a Thunder Shock attack, but Cubone deflects it, to his dismay.	
Pokémon Tech	building	50	 Team Rocket reveal that they both flunked out of Pokémon Tech.	
Pokémon Tech	building	89	 He says it's overall skill as a Trainer, not any one battle, that determines success at Pokémon Tech.	
Pokémon Tech	building	22	 Joe decides to leave Pokémon Tech and return home to start over like Ash did.	
Ground-type	type	20	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket reveal that they both flunked out of Pokémon Tech.	
Team Rocket	group	97	 Giselle is amazed that Pikachu has won without using electricity, and stunned that she has lost.Team Rocket takes advantage of everyone's distraction to appear with their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	73	 The Tech students, recognizing them as bad guys who flunked out, attack Team Rocket en masse, causing them to flee.	
Bonemerang	move	22	 She then calls for a Bonemerang, which knocks Pikachu out cold.	
Bonemerang	move	19	 The next time the Bonemerang is launched, Pikachu jumps over it, and twists the skull on Cubone's head backwards, so it can no longer see.	
Bonemerang	move	62	 Pikachu then pummels the Cubone, finally ducking away as the Bonemerang comes back to take out its master.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	44	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	33	 Nevertheless, Starmie beats the Weepinbell.	
Grass-type	type	58	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Bone Club	move	84	 The two Pokémon get into a close-range staring contest, until Giselle calls for a Bone Club attack; the bonk on the head staggers Pikachu.	
Poké Ball	item	130	 When Ash reveals that he has been on his quest for 2 months, she is shocked that he has not yet trained his Pikachu to go into a Poké Ball, and snidely remarks, "Maybe your Pokémon are training you!	
Graveler	pokemon	19	 Giselle summons a Graveler to challenge Misty's Starmie.	
Graveler	pokemon	97	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 As Ash and Pikachu wander around the forest, they encounter a group of boys in suits.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	 As Brock reads from the school's brochure, Pikachu started the treadmill and tries to keep up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 Brock leans on the treadmill, speeding it up, which sends Pikachu flying.	
Pikachu	pokemon	109	 When Ash reveals that he has been on his quest for 2 months, she is shocked that he has not yet trained his Pikachu to go into a Poké Ball, and snidely remarks, "Maybe your Pokémon are training you!	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	 She is also surprised that he chose Pikachu as his starting Pokémon, as they are known to be hard to handle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 At this point Pikachu becomes angry as well, and Ash demands a battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	49	 Giselle orders Cubone to use a Leer attack, but Pikachu responds by making funny faces at Cubone.	
Pikachu	pokemon	132	 The two Pokémon get into a close-range staring contest, until Giselle calls for a Bone Club attack; the bonk on the head staggers Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	47	 She then calls for a Bonemerang, which knocks Pikachu out cold.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 The next time the Bonemerang is launched, Pikachu jumps over it, and twists the skull on Cubone's head backwards, so it can no longer see.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then pummels the Cubone, finally ducking away as the Bonemerang comes back to take out its master.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Giselle is amazed that Pikachu has won without using electricity, and stunned that she has lost.	
Thunder	move	17	 Ash calls for a Thunder Shock attack, but Cubone deflects it, to his dismay.	
Trainer	person	33	 He says it's overall skill as a Trainer, not any one battle, that determines success at Pokémon Tech.	
Giselle	person	50	Joe leads Ash and his friends to the head student Giselle's study area.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle walks in and chastises Joe for not realizing that Starmie's real battle experience would give it an advantage.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle continues to upbraid Joe, and threatens to withdraw the help of the other students.	
Giselle	person	17	Misty challenges Giselle, saying that a true friend would not walk away from a friend in need of help, and that Giselle's beauty is only skin deep.	
Giselle	person	112	Misty challenges Giselle, saying that a true friend would not walk away from a friend in need of help, and that Giselle's beauty is only skin deep.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle accuses Misty of being jealous.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle summons a Graveler to challenge Misty's Starmie.	
Giselle	person	81	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle then points out that weak Pokémon can still win if they are better trained.	
Giselle	person	38	 He brags that he has two Badges, and Giselle insults him.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle is surprised that he had only three; most beginners have six, and she attributes his two Badges to luck.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle summons Cubone.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle orders Cubone to use a Leer attack, but Pikachu responds by making funny faces at Cubone.	
Giselle	person	64	 The two Pokémon get into a close-range staring contest, until Giselle calls for a Bone Club attack; the bonk on the head staggers Pikachu.	
Giselle	person	1	 Giselle is amazed that Pikachu has won without using electricity, and stunned that she has lost.	
Giselle	person	25	 Joe asks if he can keep Giselle's picture; she said she has one of him, because they are now friends.	
Giselle	person	72	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
Giselle	person	137	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
Starmie	pokemon	17	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Starmie	pokemon	15	 Nevertheless, Starmie beats the Weepinbell.	
Starmie	pokemon	59	 Giselle walks in and chastises Joe for not realizing that Starmie's real battle experience would give it an advantage.	
Starmie	pokemon	49	 Giselle summons a Graveler to challenge Misty's Starmie.	
Starmie	pokemon	113	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Pokémon	pokemon	103	 One of them is running on a treadmill, while the rest are gathered around, quizzing him about various Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	 The boys reveal that they are students of Pokémon Technical Institute, a boarding school which educates Pokémon Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 The boys reveal that they are students of Pokémon Technical Institute, a boarding school which educates Pokémon Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	102	 The school trains its students without sending them to collect Badges, and guarantees entry into the Pokémon League upon graduation.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 Team Rocket reveal that they both flunked out of Pokémon Tech.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 He says it's overall skill as a Trainer, not any one battle, that determines success at Pokémon Tech.	
Pokémon	pokemon	109	 Misty takes offense, and Joe reveals that he is familiar with her Gym; he usually beats her preferred Water Pokémon on the simulator.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Giselle then points out that weak Pokémon can still win if they are better trained.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Ash jumps in, saying that there is more to training Pokémon than levels.	
Pokémon	pokemon	175	 When Ash reveals that he has been on his quest for 2 months, she is shocked that he has not yet trained his Pikachu to go into a Poké Ball, and snidely remarks, "Maybe your Pokémon are training you!	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	"Ash protests that his three Pokémon are his friends.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 She is also surprised that he chose Pikachu as his starting Pokémon, as they are known to be hard to handle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	9	 The two Pokémon get into a close-range staring contest, until Giselle calls for a Bone Club attack; the bonk on the head staggers Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	 Joe decides to leave Pokémon Tech and return home to start over like Ash did.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 Perhaps one day they will meet in the Pokémon League.	
Ground	type	20	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Cubone	pokemon	17	 Giselle summons Cubone.	
Cubone	pokemon	43	 Ash calls for a Thunder Shock attack, but Cubone deflects it, to his dismay.	
Cubone	pokemon	16	 Giselle orders Cubone to use a Leer attack, but Pikachu responds by making funny faces at Cubone.	
Cubone	pokemon	91	 Giselle orders Cubone to use a Leer attack, but Pikachu responds by making funny faces at Cubone.	
Cubone	pokemon	90	 The next time the Bonemerang is launched, Pikachu jumps over it, and twists the skull on Cubone's head backwards, so it can no longer see.	
Cubone	pokemon	26	 Pikachu then pummels the Cubone, finally ducking away as the Bonemerang comes back to take out its master.	
Jessie	person	63	 Being led there by Ash has brought back some bad memories for Jessie and James, but Meowth cheers them up.	
Meowth	pokemon	85	 Being led there by Ash has brought back some bad memories for Jessie and James, but Meowth cheers them up.	
Grass	type	58	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Brock	person	39	 In an effort to get them to cool off, Brock pulls a table and some chairs out of his backpack, with all the necessities to set it for a nice afternoon cup of tea.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock sends Ash to collect firewood to make tea and crepes.	
Brock	person	4	 As Brock reads from the school's brochure, Pikachu started the treadmill and tries to keep up.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock leans on the treadmill, speeding it up, which sends Pikachu flying.	
Brock	person	51	 The head student of the beginner class is a girl; Brock and Ash drool over her photo, which makes Misty angry.	
James	person	74	 Being led there by Ash has brought back some bad memories for Jessie and James, but Meowth cheers them up.	
Misty	person	23	As the episode begins, Misty and Ash are fighting about her broken bike again.	
Misty	person	99	 The head student of the beginner class is a girl; Brock and Ash drool over her photo, which makes Misty angry.	
Misty	person	20	 Ash then refers to Misty as "someone who treats you bad and looks even worse", which makes her even angrier.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty takes offense, and Joe reveals that he is familiar with her Gym; he usually beats her preferred Water Pokémon on the simulator.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty demands a real battle, but Joe is doubtful of her ability to beat him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Misty	person	112	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Misty	person	92	 Giselle continues to upbraid Joe, and threatens to withdraw the help of the other students.Misty challenges Giselle, saying that a true friend would not walk away from a friend in need of help, and that Giselle's beauty is only skin deep.	
Misty	person	17	 Giselle accuses Misty of being jealous.	
Misty	person	41	 Giselle summons a Graveler to challenge Misty's Starmie.	
Misty	person	37	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
Water	type	103	 Misty takes offense, and Joe reveals that he is familiar with her Gym; he usually beats her preferred Water Pokémon on the simulator.	
Water	type	120	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Water	type	65	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Leer	move	32	 Giselle orders Cubone to use a Leer attack, but Pikachu responds by making funny faces at Cubone.	
Poké	item	130	 When Ash reveals that he has been on his quest for 2 months, she is shocked that he has not yet trained his Pikachu to go into a Poké Ball, and snidely remarks, "Maybe your Pokémon are training you!	
Rock	type	10	 Although Rock- and Ground-type Pokémon are doubly weak against Water Pokémon, Giselle and her Graveler defeat Starmie easily.	
Gym	building	67	 Misty takes offense, and Joe reveals that he is familiar with her Gym; he usually beats her preferred Water Pokémon on the simulator.	
Ash	person	33	As the episode begins, Misty and Ash are fighting about her broken bike again.	
Ash	person	13	 Brock sends Ash to collect firewood to make tea and crepes.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and Pikachu wander around the forest, they encounter a group of boys in suits.	
Ash	person	61	 He misses a question and is rejected by the other boys, and Ash jumps in to defend him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is very upset at this brutal "tutoring" system, and demands to meet the student in charge, with plans to stop it.	
Ash	person	61	 The head student of the beginner class is a girl; Brock and Ash drool over her photo, which makes Misty angry.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then refers to Misty as "someone who treats you bad and looks even worse", which makes her even angrier.	
Ash	person	20	 Being led there by Ash has brought back some bad memories for Jessie and James, but Meowth cheers them up.	
Ash	person	10	Joe leads Ash and his friends to the head student Giselle's study area.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash jumps in, saying that there is more to training Pokémon than levels.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash reveals that he has been on his quest for 2 months, she is shocked that he has not yet trained his Pikachu to go into a Poké Ball, and snidely remarks, "Maybe your Pokémon are training you!	
Ash	person	1	"Ash protests that his three Pokémon are his friends.	
Ash	person	18	 She is amazed at Ash having two Badges, given how little he knows, and laughs at him.	
Ash	person	50	 At this point Pikachu becomes angry as well, and Ash demands a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls for a Thunder Shock attack, but Cubone deflects it, to his dismay.	
Ash	person	71	 Joe decides to leave Pokémon Tech and return home to start over like Ash did.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
Joe	person	35	The student who was being bullied, Joe, defends his "friends," who were trying to help him.	
Joe	person	107	 Being led there by Ash has brought back some bad memories for Jessie and James, but Meowth cheers them up.Joe leads Ash and his friends to the head student Giselle's study area.	
Joe	person	26	 Misty takes offense, and Joe reveals that he is familiar with her Gym; he usually beats her preferred Water Pokémon on the simulator.	
Joe	person	34	 Misty demands a real battle, but Joe is doubtful of her ability to beat him.	
Joe	person	32	 Misty calls her Starmie, while Joe calls a Weepinbell, a Grass-type Pokémon which will have an advantage over Misty's Water type.	
Joe	person	32	 Giselle walks in and chastises Joe for not realizing that Starmie's real battle experience would give it an advantage.	
Joe	person	30	 Giselle continues to upbraid Joe, and threatens to withdraw the help of the other students.	
Joe	person	1	 Joe decides to leave Pokémon Tech and return home to start over like Ash did.	
Joe	person	1	 Joe asks if he can keep Giselle's picture; she said she has one of him, because they are now friends.	
Joe	person	64	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
Joe	person	121	 Ash then demands to know why he and Misty are not friends like Joe and Giselle are, and she responds that it is because Joe doesn't owe Giselle a bike!	
