Vermilion City	settlement	99	Ash and his friends are wandering through the forest without a compass, trying to find the path to Vermilion City.	
Hidden Village	settlement	26	 Brock explains that this Hidden Village is a place for abandoned or injured Pokémon to come to rest and relax.	
Sleep Powder	move	96	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Team Rocket	group	63	 At once, Misty falls into a pit trap not unlike those made by Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	20	 The camera cuts to Team Rocket, who have just fallen into their third pit trap.	
Team Rocket	group	10	Suddenly, Team Rocket appears from behind a cloud, standing on a balloon-lifted platform, and recite their mantra.	
Team Rocket	group	30	 The resultant tornado tosses Team Rocket and their platform into the distance.	
Thunderbolt	move	75	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
Butterfree	pokemon	58	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	156	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Vine Whip	move	35	 Bulbasaur rescues Oddish with its Vine Whip, and Ash helps block the wind so it can carry Oddish to the cabin.	
Poké Ball	item	37	 The Oddish is defeated, but Misty's Poké Ball is deflected by the appearance of a Bulbasaur before she can claim it.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	18	 Ash calls on his Pidgeotto with instructions to start a Gust attack.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	84	 The Oddish is defeated, but Misty's Poké Ball is deflected by the appearance of a Bulbasaur before she can claim it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	5	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	79	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	121	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 Both the Oddish and the Bulbasaur run off into the underbrush.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	37	 They are found in this state by the Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	39	 She and Ash begin quarreling, and the Bulbasaur tackles Misty, thinking Oddish is in danger.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	23	 Melanie explains that Bulbasaur has volunteered to protect the whole village.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur tries to push Ash out of the village because it doesn't trust Pokémon Trainers.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur rescues Oddish with its Vine Whip, and Ash helps block the wind so it can carry Oddish to the cabin.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	63	 The vacuum starts to actually pull the roof off the cabin, so Bulbasaur uses its vines to smack the hose around.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	29	Melanie asks Ash to take the Bulbasaur with him; the village is too small for its bulb to grow.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	72	 She says the Pokémon are staying in the village too long, because the Bulbasaur has done too good a job of protecting them.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	42	 She feels Ash will be a good Trainer for Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur agrees to go with Ash, on condition that they battle first.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	101	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
Melanie	person	64	 Brock takes them to a village and introduces them to the girl, Melanie.	
Melanie	person	94	Ash and Misty notice the large number of Pokémon in the village and wonder if they belong to Melanie.	
Melanie	person	1	 Melanie cares for them until they are better, and then they leave.	
Melanie	person	1	 Melanie collects plants to use for medicine, though she says that she is unqualified to be a Pokémon doctor.	
Melanie	person	45	 Misty teases Brock for falling in love with Melanie; he reacts a little violently, fearing Melanie might overhear.	
Melanie	person	92	 Misty teases Brock for falling in love with Melanie; he reacts a little violently, fearing Melanie might overhear.	
Melanie	person	1	 Melanie explains that she set the traps they fell into to prevent Pokémon Trainers from reaching the village.	
Melanie	person	15	Brock promises Melanie that they will not try to catch any of the Pokémon in the village.	
Melanie	person	1	 Melanie explains that Bulbasaur has volunteered to protect the whole village.	
Melanie	person	79	 The resultant tornado tosses Team Rocket and their platform into the distance.Melanie asks Ash to take the Bulbasaur with him; the village is too small for its bulb to grow.	
Melanie	person	36	 Brock offers to stay and help, but Melanie refuses, telling him to continue on his adventures.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Brock falls into the river below, while Misty and Pikachu cling to Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Pikachu, and the two trade rams.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
Trainer	person	30	 She feels Ash will be a good Trainer for Bulbasaur.	
Starmie	pokemon	17	 Misty sends her Starmie to fight the Oddish so she can catch it.	
Starmie	pokemon	35	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	Ash and Misty notice the large number of Pokémon in the village and wonder if they belong to Melanie.	
Pokémon	pokemon	77	 Brock explains that this Hidden Village is a place for abandoned or injured Pokémon to come to rest and relax.	
Pokémon	pokemon	94	 Melanie collects plants to use for medicine, though she says that she is unqualified to be a Pokémon doctor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Melanie explains that she set the traps they fell into to prevent Pokémon Trainers from reaching the village.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 She is trying to protect the injured Pokémon from being captured while they are too ill to escape.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	Brock promises Melanie that they will not try to catch any of the Pokémon in the village.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 Bulbasaur tries to push Ash out of the village because it doesn't trust Pokémon Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 They land in a clearing outside the village, and try to collect all the Pokémon in the village with a massive vacuum.	
Pokémon	pokemon	14	 She says the Pokémon are staying in the village too long, because the Bulbasaur has done too good a job of protecting them.	
Jessie	person	12	 Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth try to cross the remains of the bridge, but it collapses under them, dumping them into the river.	
Meowth	pokemon	30	 Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth try to cross the remains of the bridge, but it collapses under them, dumping them into the river.	
Oddish	person	40	 They pause for a rest, and Ash sees an Oddish taking a drink.	
Oddish	person	38	 Misty sends her Starmie to fight the Oddish so she can catch it.	
Oddish	person	5	 The Oddish is defeated, but Misty's Poké Ball is deflected by the appearance of a Bulbasaur before she can claim it.	
Oddish	person	10	 Both the Oddish and the Bulbasaur run off into the underbrush.	
Oddish	person	38	 Despite her earlier attempt to catch Oddish, Misty concurs.	
Oddish	person	63	 Brock and Ash tend to a Staryu, while Misty apologizes to the Oddish.	
Oddish	person	73	 She and Ash begin quarreling, and the Bulbasaur tackles Misty, thinking Oddish is in danger.	
Oddish	person	42	 Brock herds everyone into the cabin, but Oddish gets caught in the suction.	
Oddish	person	19	 Bulbasaur rescues Oddish with its Vine Whip, and Ash helps block the wind so it can carry Oddish to the cabin.	
Oddish	person	91	 Bulbasaur rescues Oddish with its Vine Whip, and Ash helps block the wind so it can carry Oddish to the cabin.	
Staryu	pokemon	25	 Brock and Ash tend to a Staryu, while Misty apologizes to the Oddish.	
Sleep	item	96	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Brock	person	80	 Ash and Misty are fighting as usual, this time over who led them astray, while Brock tries to get them to cool down.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock falls into the river below, while Misty and Pikachu cling to Ash.	
Brock	person	60	 They make their way down to water level and go looking for Brock.	
Brock	person	21	 Ash speculates that Brock has been washed to sea and shanghaied by pirates; moments later, Brock appears and frees them from the trap.	
Brock	person	92	 Ash speculates that Brock has been washed to sea and shanghaied by pirates; moments later, Brock appears and frees them from the trap.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock relates his experience in the river; he was rescued from the rapids by an "incredibly beautiful" girl.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock takes them to a village and introduces them to the girl, Melanie.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock explains that this Hidden Village is a place for abandoned or injured Pokémon to come to rest and relax.	
Brock	person	14	 Misty teases Brock for falling in love with Melanie; he reacts a little violently, fearing Melanie might overhear.	
Brock	person	134	 Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth try to cross the remains of the bridge, but it collapses under them, dumping them into the river.Brock promises Melanie that they will not try to catch any of the Pokémon in the village.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Ash tend to a Staryu, while Misty apologizes to the Oddish.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock herds everyone into the cabin, but Oddish gets caught in the suction.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock offers to stay and help, but Melanie refuses, telling him to continue on his adventures.	
James	person	20	 Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth try to cross the remains of the bridge, but it collapses under them, dumping them into the river.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty are fighting as usual, this time over who led them astray, while Brock tries to get them to cool down.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends her Starmie to fight the Oddish so she can catch it.	
Misty	person	29	 The Oddish is defeated, but Misty's Poké Ball is deflected by the appearance of a Bulbasaur before she can claim it.	
Misty	person	41	 Brock falls into the river below, while Misty and Pikachu cling to Ash.	
Misty	person	10	 At once, Misty falls into a pit trap not unlike those made by Team Rocket.	
Misty	person	21	 As they walk along, Misty's toe catches a rope, and they find themselves suspended in a net.	
Misty	person	8	Ash and Misty notice the large number of Pokémon in the village and wonder if they belong to Melanie.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty teases Brock for falling in love with Melanie; he reacts a little violently, fearing Melanie might overhear.	
Misty	person	46	 Despite her earlier attempt to catch Oddish, Misty concurs.	
Misty	person	39	 Brock and Ash tend to a Staryu, while Misty apologizes to the Oddish.	
Misty	person	57	 She and Ash begin quarreling, and the Bulbasaur tackles Misty, thinking Oddish is in danger.	
Poké	item	37	 The Oddish is defeated, but Misty's Poké Ball is deflected by the appearance of a Bulbasaur before she can claim it.	
Gust	move	57	 Ash calls on his Pidgeotto with instructions to start a Gust attack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty are fighting as usual, this time over who led them astray, while Brock tries to get them to cool down.	
Ash	person	28	 They pause for a rest, and Ash sees an Oddish taking a drink.	
Ash	person	44	 The Bulbasaur attacks and defeats Starmie; Ash sends his Butterfree after the Bulbasaur with a Sleep Powder attack, but Bulbasaur blows the powder back at Butterfree.	
Ash	person	68	 Brock falls into the river below, while Misty and Pikachu cling to Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash ultimately manages to pull them up, and the three make their way to the end of the bridge.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls her out, and they go on looking.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash speculates that Brock has been washed to sea and shanghaied by pirates; moments later, Brock appears and frees them from the trap.	
Ash	person	72	 Brock takes them to a village and introduces them to the girl, Melanie.Ash and Misty notice the large number of Pokémon in the village and wonder if they belong to Melanie.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash worries if the traps are enough to keep robbers away, noting the idiocy of being caught in them.	
Ash	person	11	 Brock and Ash tend to a Staryu, while Misty apologizes to the Oddish.	
Ash	person	9	 She and Ash begin quarreling, and the Bulbasaur tackles Misty, thinking Oddish is in danger.	
Ash	person	25	 Bulbasaur tries to push Ash out of the village because it doesn't trust Pokémon Trainers.	
Ash	person	50	 Bulbasaur rescues Oddish with its Vine Whip, and Ash helps block the wind so it can carry Oddish to the cabin.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls on his Pidgeotto with instructions to start a Gust attack.	
Ash	person	13	Melanie asks Ash to take the Bulbasaur with him; the village is too small for its bulb to grow.	
Ash	person	11	 She feels Ash will be a good Trainer for Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	29	 Bulbasaur agrees to go with Ash, on condition that they battle first.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Pikachu, and the two trade rams.	
Ash	person	59	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
Ash	person	137	 Bulbasaur uses its vine whips to toss Pikachu around, but Ash calls for a Thunderbolt, which shocks Bulbasaur into submission, allowing Ash to catch it.	
