Vermilion City	settlement	60	Ash and his friends seem to have lost their way en route to Vermilion City, frustrating Misty.	
Vermilion City	settlement	217	 The group stops to consult a map that Brock has unfolded, and Ash determines that, while they are currently in the middle of nowhere, the trail they are following intersects Route 24, which in turn leads straight to Vermilion City.	
Pokémon Center	building	57	Farther down the trail, Ash and his friends discover the Pokémon Center that is on the map, and they enter just as it begins to rain.	
Pokémon Center	building	79	 The group quickly wrap Charmander up in their rain coats and race back to the Pokémon Center, begging Nurse Joy to help.	
Thunder Shock	move	14	 Ash orders a Thunder Shock from Pikachu, and he obeys, scaring off the Spearow.	
Flamethrower	move	86	 The Charmander responds by closing its eyes, focusing hard, and unleashing a massive Flamethrower, which roasts Team Rocket.	
Flamethrower	move	93	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Team Rocket	group	22	 Meanwhile, up ahead, Team Rocket have just finished digging another pitfall trap for the twerps.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then appear, laughing at the fact that their trap worked.	
Team Rocket	group	32	Laughing at the group's plight, Team Rocket prepare to leave with Pikachu in tow, when Charmander confronts them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket naturally refuse, and warn the Charmander to beat it or else.	
Team Rocket	group	113	 The Charmander responds by closing its eyes, focusing hard, and unleashing a massive Flamethrower, which roasts Team Rocket.	
Thunderbolt	move	136	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Charmander	pokemon	59	 Soon, however, the sunlight's intensity dims, revealing a Charmander sitting upon a rock.	
Charmander	pokemon	90	 After checking his Pokédex, Ash is happy that he finally has gotten a chance to catch a Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	10	 However, Charmander resists Ash's attempt to catch it.	
Charmander	pokemon	55	 Pikachu then climbs up onto the rock and talks to the Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	64	 He then comes back down and manages to communicate to Ash that Charmander is waiting for someone to come by and pick it up.	
Charmander	pokemon	67	 Despite Brock's concerns, Ash points out that there is no way the Charmander would have waited around that long.	
Charmander	pokemon	94	 Listening in on his conversation, Ash and his friends listen as Damian reveals that he had a Charmander, but since it was so weak, he left it on a rock out in the middle of the woods promising to return for it, which he had and still has no intention of doing.	
Charmander	pokemon	56	 Ash and his friends realize that it must have been his Charmander they saw and that based on Damian's description of Charmander's loyalty to him, it must still be waiting on the rock.	
Charmander	pokemon	118	 Ash and his friends realize that it must have been his Charmander they saw and that based on Damian's description of Charmander's loyalty to him, it must still be waiting on the rock.	
Charmander	pokemon	49	 While the group continue to laugh about how the Charmander is probably still waiting, Brock confronts Damian, telling him to go get the Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	137	 While the group continue to laugh about how the Charmander is probably still waiting, Brock confronts Damian, telling him to go get the Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	75	 After Damian and his crew leave, Ash, Misty, and Brock hurry back to find Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	72	The three race back through the pouring rain towards the rock where the Charmander is, only to find it is now having worse problems than just the weather.	
Charmander	pokemon	24	 The group quickly wrap Charmander up in their rain coats and race back to the Pokémon Center, begging Nurse Joy to help.	
Charmander	pokemon	105	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Charmander	pokemon	143	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Charmander	pokemon	41	 Brock pleads with Nurse Joy to save the Charmander, and she promises to do whatever she can.	
Charmander	pokemon	5	 The Charmander has pulled through, and it will be fine by morning.	
Charmander	pokemon	14	 It turns out Charmander has disappeared from the emergency room.	
Charmander	pokemon	25	 Ash is certain that the Charmander has simply gone back to the rock.	
Charmander	pokemon	48	 Even though Damian does not care about it, the Charmander is still loyal to him, and nothing is likely to change that.	
Charmander	pokemon	19	 They cannot force Charmander to go with them if it chooses not want to.	
Charmander	pokemon	87	Laughing at the group's plight, Team Rocket prepare to leave with Pikachu in tow, when Charmander confronts them.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander, as translated by Meowth, orders them to give Pikachu back to Ash and the others.	
Charmander	pokemon	44	 Team Rocket naturally refuse, and warn the Charmander to beat it or else.	
Charmander	pokemon	5	 The Charmander responds by closing its eyes, focusing hard, and unleashing a massive Flamethrower, which roasts Team Rocket.	
Charmander	pokemon	69	 All of this is witnessed by and shocks Damian, who had not realized Charmander was so powerful.	
Charmander	pokemon	60	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
Charmander	pokemon	98	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
Charmander	pokemon	50	 However, Damian claims that he has come back for Charmander, "just as he promised".	
Charmander	pokemon	39	 Damian goes on to say that abandoning Charmander had made it stronger.	
Charmander	pokemon	25	 When he tries to recall Charmander by throwing his Poké Ball at it, Charmander saw how cruel Damian was and rejects him as its trainer by throwing the ball back at him with its tail.	
Charmander	pokemon	70	 When he tries to recall Charmander by throwing his Poké Ball at it, Charmander saw how cruel Damian was and rejects him as its trainer by throwing the ball back at him with its tail.	
Charmander	pokemon	36	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Charmander	pokemon	77	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander happily chooses to go with Ash as its trainer.	
Nurse Joy	person	104	 The group quickly wrap Charmander up in their rain coats and race back to the Pokémon Center, begging Nurse Joy to help.	
Nurse Joy	person	12	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Nurse Joy	person	19	 Brock pleads with Nurse Joy to save the Charmander, and she promises to do whatever she can.	
Nurse Joy	person	40	 After an intense and distressing wait, Nurse Joy finally comes out of the operating room and reports success.	
Poké Ball	item	52	 When he tries to recall Charmander by throwing his Poké Ball at it, Charmander saw how cruel Damian was and rejects him as its trainer by throwing the ball back at him with its tail.	
Route 24	region	175	 The group stops to consult a map that Brock has unfolded, and Ash determines that, while they are currently in the middle of nowhere, the trail they are following intersects Route 24, which in turn leads straight to Vermilion City.	
Spearow	pokemon	11	 A gang of Spearow are attacking it, and Ash tries to drive them off by throwing a rock at them, but this only causes them to attack him and his friends.	
Spearow	pokemon	72	 Ash orders a Thunder Shock from Pikachu, and he obeys, scaring off the Spearow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then climbs up onto the rock and talks to the Charmander.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Ash orders a Thunder Shock from Pikachu, and he obeys, scaring off the Spearow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	When morning comes, Ash and Misty are asleep on couches in the lobby, Pikachu asleep below.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 Ash rolls over, causing his blanket to drop onto Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu comes up to the hole and walks right over it, but Pikachu is too light to trigger the pitfall.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 Pikachu comes up to the hole and walks right over it, but Pikachu is too light to trigger the pitfall.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to shock them, but they are dressed in rubber uniforms that insulate against electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to run, but they release a special ball that encompasses Pikachu and also insulates his electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	72	 Pikachu tries to run, but they release a special ball that encompasses Pikachu and also insulates his electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	Laughing at the group's plight, Team Rocket prepare to leave with Pikachu in tow, when Charmander confronts them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 Charmander, as translated by Meowth, orders them to give Pikachu back to Ash and the others.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 They drop the Pikachu balloon and flee.	
Pikachu	pokemon	126	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Thunder	move	14	 Ash orders a Thunder Shock from Pikachu, and he obeys, scaring off the Spearow.	
Trainer	person	32	 Brock agrees, stating that the Trainer surely would have gotten it by now.	
Trainer	person	60	 However, they hear laughter nearby, and look over to see a Trainer named Damian surrounded by a group of friends.	
Pokémon	pokemon	57	Farther down the trail, Ash and his friends discover the Pokémon Center that is on the map, and they enter just as it begins to rain.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 The group quickly wrap Charmander up in their rain coats and race back to the Pokémon Center, begging Nurse Joy to help.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 Despite retorts from Ash and company, Damian brags about his abominable methods of treating and training Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	20	 After checking his Pokédex, Ash is happy that he finally has gotten a chance to catch a Charmander.	
Damian	person	74	 However, they hear laughter nearby, and look over to see a Trainer named Damian surrounded by a group of friends.	
Damian	person	65	 Listening in on his conversation, Ash and his friends listen as Damian reveals that he had a Charmander, but since it was so weak, he left it on a rock out in the middle of the woods promising to return for it, which he had and still has no intention of doing.	
Damian	person	94	 Ash and his friends realize that it must have been his Charmander they saw and that based on Damian's description of Charmander's loyalty to him, it must still be waiting on the rock.	
Damian	person	95	 This pushes the normally calm Brock over the edge, and he stands up and makes his way over to Damian.	
Damian	person	103	 While the group continue to laugh about how the Charmander is probably still waiting, Brock confronts Damian, telling him to go get the Charmander.	
Damian	person	1	 Damian pushes him off, but Ash and Misty soon arrive to back up Brock.	
Damian	person	7	 After Damian and his crew leave, Ash, Misty, and Brock hurry back to find Charmander.	
Damian	person	84	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Damian	person	13	 Even though Damian does not care about it, the Charmander is still loyal to him, and nothing is likely to change that.	
Damian	person	40	 All of this is witnessed by and shocks Damian, who had not realized Charmander was so powerful.	
Damian	person	10	 However, Damian claims that he has come back for Charmander, "just as he promised".	
Damian	person	1	 Damian goes on to say that abandoning Charmander had made it stronger.	
Damian	person	39	 Despite retorts from Ash and company, Damian brags about his abominable methods of treating and training Pokémon.	
Damian	person	95	 When he tries to recall Charmander by throwing his Poké Ball at it, Charmander saw how cruel Damian was and rejects him as its trainer by throwing the ball back at him with its tail.	
Damian	person	10	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Damian	person	157	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James argue over who blew it this time, until Meowth shuts them up with scratches to the face.	
Meowth	pokemon	58	 Jessie and James argue over who blew it this time, until Meowth shuts them up with scratches to the face.	
Meowth	pokemon	30	 Charmander, as translated by Meowth, orders them to give Pikachu back to Ash and the others.	
Brock	person	39	 The group stops to consult a map that Brock has unfolded, and Ash determines that, while they are currently in the middle of nowhere, the trail they are following intersects Route 24, which in turn leads straight to Vermilion City.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock, satisfied with how they must proceed, puts the map away.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock points out how weak its tail flame is, and that it probably needs help.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock still thinks that it is too weak because of its small flame, and suggests that Ash try again, but Ash's second attempt yields no better results than the first.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock decides that if it belongs to someone else, it is best to leave it, and they leave.	
Brock	person	9	 Despite Brock's concerns, Ash points out that there is no way the Charmander would have waited around that long.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock agrees, stating that the Trainer surely would have gotten it by now.	
Brock	person	31	 This pushes the normally calm Brock over the edge, and he stands up and makes his way over to Damian.	
Brock	person	87	 While the group continue to laugh about how the Charmander is probably still waiting, Brock confronts Damian, telling him to go get the Charmander.	
Brock	person	65	 Damian pushes him off, but Ash and Misty soon arrive to back up Brock.	
Brock	person	50	 After Damian and his crew leave, Ash, Misty, and Brock hurry back to find Charmander.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock pleads with Nurse Joy to save the Charmander, and she promises to do whatever she can.	
Brock	person	11	 Suddenly, Brock shouts, causing Ash to crash off the couch.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock wants to go after it again, but Misty points out that it is no use.	
Brock	person	10	 Although Brock is still disappointed, Ash and company leave as well.	
Brock	person	6	 Ash, Brock, and Misty, being a lot heavier, end up triggering the pitfall and fall into the hole.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James argue over who blew it this time, until Meowth shuts them up with scratches to the face.	
Misty	person	88	Ash and his friends seem to have lost their way en route to Vermilion City, frustrating Misty.	
Misty	person	36	 Damian pushes him off, but Ash and Misty soon arrive to back up Brock.	
Misty	person	39	 After Damian and his crew leave, Ash, Misty, and Brock hurry back to find Charmander.	
Misty	person	28	When morning comes, Ash and Misty are asleep on couches in the lobby, Pikachu asleep below.	
Misty	person	39	 Brock wants to go after it again, but Misty points out that it is no use.	
Misty	person	17	 Ash, Brock, and Misty, being a lot heavier, end up triggering the pitfall and fall into the hole.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
Poké	item	52	 When he tries to recall Charmander by throwing his Poké Ball at it, Charmander saw how cruel Damian was and rejects him as its trainer by throwing the ball back at him with its tail.	
Poké	item	60	 Enraged, Damian attempts to attack Charmander with all his Poké Balls, but Charmander uses Flamethrower on him, followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt, forcing Damian to flee.	
Ash	person	63	 The group stops to consult a map that Brock has unfolded, and Ash determines that, while they are currently in the middle of nowhere, the trail they are following intersects Route 24, which in turn leads straight to Vermilion City.	
Ash	person	30	 After checking his Pokédex, Ash is happy that he finally has gotten a chance to catch a Charmander.	
Ash	person	29	 However, Charmander resists Ash's attempt to catch it.	
Ash	person	86	 Brock still thinks that it is too weak because of its small flame, and suggests that Ash try again, but Ash's second attempt yields no better results than the first.	
Ash	person	105	 Brock still thinks that it is too weak because of its small flame, and suggests that Ash try again, but Ash's second attempt yields no better results than the first.	
Ash	person	55	 He then comes back down and manages to communicate to Ash that Charmander is waiting for someone to come by and pick it up.	
Ash	person	24	Farther down the trail, Ash and his friends discover the Pokémon Center that is on the map, and they enter just as it begins to rain.	
Ash	person	27	 Despite Brock's concerns, Ash points out that there is no way the Charmander would have waited around that long.	
Ash	person	35	 Listening in on his conversation, Ash and his friends listen as Damian reveals that he had a Charmander, but since it was so weak, he left it on a rock out in the middle of the woods promising to return for it, which he had and still has no intention of doing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends realize that it must have been his Charmander they saw and that based on Damian's description of Charmander's loyalty to him, it must still be waiting on the rock.	
Ash	person	28	 Damian pushes him off, but Ash and Misty soon arrive to back up Brock.	
Ash	person	34	 After Damian and his crew leave, Ash, Misty, and Brock hurry back to find Charmander.	
Ash	person	41	 A gang of Spearow are attacking it, and Ash tries to drive them off by throwing a rock at them, but this only causes them to attack him and his friends.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders a Thunder Shock from Pikachu, and he obeys, scaring off the Spearow.	
Ash	person	34	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Ash	person	59	 Initially, Nurse Joy is angry at Ash and his friends, but Ash explains that it was Damian that left the Charmander there, taking advantage of Charmander's loyalty.	
Ash	person	20	When morning comes, Ash and Misty are asleep on couches in the lobby, Pikachu asleep below.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash rolls over, causing his blanket to drop onto Pikachu.	
Ash	person	33	 Suddenly, Brock shouts, causing Ash to crash off the couch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is certain that the Charmander has simply gone back to the rock.	
Ash	person	39	 Although Brock is still disappointed, Ash and company leave as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Brock, and Misty, being a lot heavier, end up triggering the pitfall and fall into the hole.	
Ash	person	74	 Charmander, as translated by Meowth, orders them to give Pikachu back to Ash and the others.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
Ash	person	89	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, having gotten out of the pit, thank Charmander for its help, and Ash asks Charmander if it wants to come along with them.	
Ash	person	22	 Despite retorts from Ash and company, Damian brags about his abominable methods of treating and training Pokémon.	
Ash	person	39	 Charmander happily chooses to go with Ash as its trainer.	
