Squirtle Squad	group	103	At the police station, Jenny explains that the group of Squirtle that they met earlier are called the "Squirtle Squad".	
Squirtle Squad	group	43	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is accosted by the Squirtle Squad, tied to a tree, and all of their food is stolen and eaten.	
Squirtle Squad	group	12	 One of the Squirtle Squad members pops up and soaks them with a Water Gun.	
Squirtle Squad	group	31	 Ash, having had enough of the Squirtle Squad's antics, confronts the Squirtle when it jumps out of the water.	
Squirtle Squad	group	71	 As everyone runs for cover, Ash looks back and sees the leader of the Squirtle Squad fallen on its back and unable to move.	
Squirtle Squad	group	18	 Fortunately, the Squirtle Squad steps in and puts out the fire with their Water-type attacks, and the town praises them as their new firefighters.	
Squirtle Squad	group	116	 Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them.	
Officer Jenny	person	22	 A battle ensues, but Officer Jenny soon arrives, scaring away the Squirtle.	
Officer Jenny	person	113	 Before he can chase them down, however, he manages to obtain the medicine and gets a ride back to the cave with Officer Jenny.	
Thunder Shock	move	28	 He orders Pikachu to use a Thunder Shock, but one of the Squirtle takes the hit for the one that seems to be the leader.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is accosted by the Squirtle Squad, tied to a tree, and all of their food is stolen and eaten.	
Team Rocket	group	97	 Taking advantage of the Squirtle's mistrust of humans, Meowth tricks them into helping him with Team Rocket's latest plan to finally steal Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	25	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Team Rocket	group	182	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Team Rocket	group	80	 After being knocked out by Gary slamming a door into him, Ash wakes up to hear Team Rocket holding up the store.	
Team Rocket	group	68	 Suddenly, however, a flash bomb explosion signifies the arrival of Team Rocket, complete with their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	91	 The Squirtle, however, hefts Ash up over its head and runs for the cave, saving them both.Team Rocket is jubilant with their victory, but Ash interrupts them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun.	
Team Rocket	group	77	 However, it turns out there are bigger problems: the Flash Bombs dropped by Team Rocket have started a fire that could burn down the whole town.	
Charmander	pokemon	71	The episode opens with a recap of how Ash caught his Bulbasaur and his Charmander.	
Water-type	type	75	 Fortunately, the Squirtle Squad steps in and puts out the fire with their Water-type attacks, and the town praises them as their new firefighters.	
Water Gun	move	65	 One of the Squirtle Squad members pops up and soaks them with a Water Gun.	
Water Gun	move	60	 Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun.	
Water Gun	move	5	 The Water Gun blows a hole in the balloon, sending them blasting off, and Pikachu is saved.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	53	The episode opens with a recap of how Ash caught his Bulbasaur and his Charmander.	
Squirtle	pokemon	12	 A group of Squirtle wearing sunglasses peer into the hole, laughing.	
Squirtle	pokemon	65	 Ash angrily climbs out of the hole and uses his Pokédex on the Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	58	 He orders Pikachu to use a Thunder Shock, but one of the Squirtle takes the hit for the one that seems to be the leader.	
Squirtle	pokemon	67	 A battle ensues, but Officer Jenny soon arrives, scaring away the Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	56	At the police station, Jenny explains that the group of Squirtle that they met earlier are called the "Squirtle Squad".	
Squirtle	pokemon	103	At the police station, Jenny explains that the group of Squirtle that they met earlier are called the "Squirtle Squad".	
Squirtle	pokemon	21	 They are a group of Squirtle that have all been abandoned by their Trainers, and all they do is run wild and play pranks on everyone.	
Squirtle	pokemon	43	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is accosted by the Squirtle Squad, tied to a tree, and all of their food is stolen and eaten.	
Squirtle	pokemon	25	 Taking advantage of the Squirtle's mistrust of humans, Meowth tricks them into helping him with Team Rocket's latest plan to finally steal Pikachu.	
Squirtle	pokemon	12	 One of the Squirtle Squad members pops up and soaks them with a Water Gun.	
Squirtle	pokemon	31	 Ash, having had enough of the Squirtle Squad's antics, confronts the Squirtle when it jumps out of the water.	
Squirtle	pokemon	70	 Ash, having had enough of the Squirtle Squad's antics, confronts the Squirtle when it jumps out of the water.	
Squirtle	pokemon	36	 Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.	
Squirtle	pokemon	47	 Ash runs to help his friend, but three of the Squirtle quickly tie him up, along with Misty and Brock.	
Squirtle	pokemon	72	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Squirtle	pokemon	170	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Squirtle	pokemon	14	 Ash begs the Squirtle to let him go into town to get the medicine, and the Squirtle acquiesce.	
Squirtle	pokemon	76	 Ash begs the Squirtle to let him go into town to get the medicine, and the Squirtle acquiesce.	
Squirtle	pokemon	17	 Apparently, the Squirtle were bluffing earlier; they may play tricks, but they would never do anything nasty.	
Squirtle	pokemon	71	 As everyone runs for cover, Ash looks back and sees the leader of the Squirtle Squad fallen on its back and unable to move.	
Squirtle	pokemon	48	 Ash quickly races back and dives on top of the Squirtle, protecting it from the ensuing explosions.	
Squirtle	pokemon	54	 Another pair of bombs are dropped, and Ash tells the Squirtle to save itself.	
Squirtle	pokemon	5	 The Squirtle, however, hefts Ash up over its head and runs for the cave, saving them both.	
Squirtle	pokemon	44	 Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun.	
Squirtle	pokemon	18	 Fortunately, the Squirtle Squad steps in and puts out the fire with their Water-type attacks, and the town praises them as their new firefighters.	
Squirtle	pokemon	116	 Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them.	
Squirtle	pokemon	16	 Ash offers the Squirtle the opportunity to join his team, and Squirtle happily accepts.	
Squirtle	pokemon	63	 Ash offers the Squirtle the opportunity to join his team, and Squirtle happily accepts.	
Goldeen	pokemon	174	 Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.	
Goldeen	pokemon	83	Ash yells for Pikachu to swim to shore, and he starts to, but he can't outswim the Goldeen.	
Goldeen	pokemon	25	 Pikachu gets stabbed by Goldeen's horn and knocked back out of the water.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 He orders Pikachu to use a Thunder Shock, but one of the Squirtle takes the hit for the one that seems to be the leader.	
Pikachu	pokemon	140	 Taking advantage of the Squirtle's mistrust of humans, Meowth tricks them into helping him with Team Rocket's latest plan to finally steal Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.	
Pikachu	pokemon	97	 Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	Ash yells for Pikachu to swim to shore, and he starts to, but he can't outswim the Goldeen.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu gets stabbed by Goldeen's horn and knocked back out of the water.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 Later, the three of them are tied to a rock in a cave, with Pikachu in a cage nearby.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	 Brock realizes that Pikachu in bad shape, and that they need to heal him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	105	 However, he finds that everyone is gone, and he quickly races out of the cave to find Misty, Brock, and Pikachu completely unhurt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is then promptly healed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 They throw down a few more flash bombs, and drop a ladder for Meowth to climb up with Pikachu, whom he apparently nabbed while everyone else was distracted by the bombs.	
Pikachu	pokemon	75	 The Water Gun blows a hole in the balloon, sending them blasting off, and Pikachu is saved.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them.	
Thunder	move	28	 He orders Pikachu to use a Thunder Shock, but one of the Squirtle takes the hit for the one that seems to be the leader.	
Pokédex	item	49	 Ash angrily climbs out of the hole and uses his Pokédex on the Squirtle.	
Meowth	pokemon	56	 Taking advantage of the Squirtle's mistrust of humans, Meowth tricks them into helping him with Team Rocket's latest plan to finally steal Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Meowth	pokemon	96	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Meowth	pokemon	108	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Meowth	pokemon	63	 They throw down a few more flash bombs, and drop a ladder for Meowth to climb up with Pikachu, whom he apparently nabbed while everyone else was distracted by the bombs.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking down the road, when they fall into a pit.	
Brock	person	43	 Elsewhere, Misty is fishing while Ash and Brock lie by the riverside.	
Brock	person	97	 Ash runs to help his friend, but three of the Squirtle quickly tie him up, along with Misty and Brock.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock realizes that Pikachu in bad shape, and that they need to heal him.	
Brock	person	94	 However, he finds that everyone is gone, and he quickly races out of the cave to find Misty, Brock, and Pikachu completely unhurt.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking down the road, when they fall into a pit.	
Misty	person	12	 Elsewhere, Misty is fishing while Ash and Brock lie by the riverside.	
Misty	person	87	 Ash runs to help his friend, but three of the Squirtle quickly tie him up, along with Misty and Brock.	
Misty	person	38	 They release Ash on threat of dyeing Misty's hair if he does not return in time, and he sprints to the nearest town.	
Misty	person	87	 However, he finds that everyone is gone, and he quickly races out of the cave to find Misty, Brock, and Pikachu completely unhurt.	
Misty	person	92	 Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them.	
Water	type	65	 One of the Squirtle Squad members pops up and soaks them with a Water Gun.	
Water	type	60	 Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun.	
Water	type	5	 The Water Gun blows a hole in the balloon, sending them blasting off, and Pikachu is saved.	
Water	type	75	 Fortunately, the Squirtle Squad steps in and puts out the fire with their Water-type attacks, and the town praises them as their new firefighters.	
Gary	person	28	 After being knocked out by Gary slamming a door into him, Ash wakes up to hear Team Rocket holding up the store.	
Ash	person	38	The episode opens with a recap of how Ash caught his Bulbasaur and his Charmander.	
Ash	person	55	 It seems that his current successful streak is making Ash quite confident.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking down the road, when they fall into a pit.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash angrily climbs out of the hole and uses his Pokédex on the Squirtle.	
Ash	person	35	 Elsewhere, Misty is fishing while Ash and Brock lie by the riverside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, having had enough of the Squirtle Squad's antics, confronts the Squirtle when it jumps out of the water.	
Ash	person	195	 Pikachu charges to attack, but the Squirtle withdraws into its shell and spins at him, knocking Pikachu into the water - at the worst possible time, too, as there is a wild Goldeen in the water.Ash yells for Pikachu to swim to shore, and he starts to, but he can't outswim the Goldeen.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs to help his friend, but three of the Squirtle quickly tie him up, along with Misty and Brock.	
Ash	person	15	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Ash	person	45	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Ash	person	149	 Meowth taunts Ash about Team Rocket's plan; Ash tries to appeal to the Squirtle not to believe Meowth, but Meowth retaliates and refutes everything Ash says to keep the Squirtle on Team Rocket's side.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash begs the Squirtle to let him go into town to get the medicine, and the Squirtle acquiesce.	
Ash	person	14	 They release Ash on threat of dyeing Misty's hair if he does not return in time, and he sprints to the nearest town.	
Ash	person	59	 After being knocked out by Gary slamming a door into him, Ash wakes up to hear Team Rocket holding up the store.	
Ash	person	42	With the bridge to town broken, Jenny and Ash find another way into the cave, but it is too narrow for an adult, so Ash has to go through it alone.	
Ash	person	116	With the bridge to town broken, Jenny and Ash find another way into the cave, but it is too narrow for an adult, so Ash has to go through it alone.	
Ash	person	29	 As everyone runs for cover, Ash looks back and sees the leader of the Squirtle Squad fallen on its back and unable to move.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash quickly races back and dives on top of the Squirtle, protecting it from the ensuing explosions.	
Ash	person	40	 Another pair of bombs are dropped, and Ash tells the Squirtle to save itself.	
Ash	person	30	 The Squirtle, however, hefts Ash up over its head and runs for the cave, saving them both.	
Ash	person	48	Team Rocket is jubilant with their victory, but Ash interrupts them.	
Ash	person	29	 Team Rocket is shocked, and Ash orders the Squirtle to use Water Gun.	
Ash	person	7	 Soon, Ash and his friends are on their way once more, Pikachu back to his perky self, when Misty realizes that the Squirtle Squad boss is following them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash offers the Squirtle the opportunity to join his team, and Squirtle happily accepts.	
