Bill's Lighthouse	building	43	 Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.	
Professor Oak	person	11	 Ash calls Professor Oak to ask about his newly caught Krabby.	
Team Rocket	group	39	 As it comes closer to the lighthouse, Team Rocket is shown scaling the cliff and, upon seeing the giant Dragonite, they begin launching a barrage of missiles to try to catch it.	
Lighthouse	building	50	 Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.	
Poké Ball	item	151	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Poké Ball	item	10	 When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time.	
Dragonite	pokemon	45	 It is revealed to be the outline of a giant Dragonite.	
Dragonite	pokemon	105	 As it comes closer to the lighthouse, Team Rocket is shown scaling the cliff and, upon seeing the giant Dragonite, they begin launching a barrage of missiles to try to catch it.	
Dragonite	pokemon	13	 This angers Dragonite, and it smashes the top of the lighthouse and begins to walk away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Pikachu begins jumping and looking at a distant object, and as the gang looks over they can make out the shape of a lighthouse on a cliff.	
Pokémon	pokemon	131	While Ash is wandering through the forest with his friends, he begins bragging about his accomplishments, but Misty claims all his Pokémon followed him, and therefore he failed to actually catch any of them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 This angers Ash, who then runs off through the forest vowing to catch a seventh Pokémon, but legitimately this time.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 As he breaks free of the forest, he finds himself on a beach, too wrapped up in his own Pokémon thoughts to enjoy the beautiful sunset.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	109	 When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time.	
Pokémon	pokemon	77	 Ash is further humiliated when he finds out that Gary has already caught 45 Pokémon, dwarfing Ash's mere seven.	
Pokémon	pokemon	75	 It is revealed that the Kabuto is in fact Bill, who has become stuck in a Pokémon suit during his research.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever.	
Pokémon	pokemon	158	 After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever.	
Pokémon	pokemon	219	 After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 One night, he says, he heard a strange noise coming across the ocean from the Pokémon, but that was the last time he heard it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	95	In the morning, Bill seems to be at peace with the fact that he failed to learn more about the Pokémon and is simply grateful he got to see it at all.	
Krabby	pokemon	40	 While he is moping, he notices a small Krabby scurrying between his feet.	
Krabby	pokemon	13	 Ash insults Krabby about its small size, and it challenges him to a battle.	
Krabby	pokemon	68	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Krabby	pokemon	95	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Krabby	pokemon	55	 Ash calls Professor Oak to ask about his newly caught Krabby.	
Krabby	pokemon	57	 Ash is enraged upon hearing that Gary has also caught a Krabby, and becomes even more so when he sees how large it is compared to his own.	
Kabuto	pokemon	18	Suddenly, a giant Kabuto appears, claiming to be the keeper of the lighthouse.	
Kabuto	pokemon	25	 It is revealed that the Kabuto is in fact Bill, who has become stuck in a Pokémon suit during his research.	
Brock	person	51	 After Ash and company explain their situation and Brock offers to cook the lighthouse keeper a bacon-double cheeseburger, they are granted entrance.	
Misty	person	110	While Ash is wandering through the forest with his friends, he begins bragging about his accomplishments, but Misty claims all his Pokémon followed him, and therefore he failed to actually catch any of them.	
Misty	person	50	 When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time.	
Poké	item	151	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Poké	item	10	 When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time.	
Bill	person	43	 Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.	
Bill	person	43	 It is revealed that the Kabuto is in fact Bill, who has become stuck in a Pokémon suit during his research.	
Bill	person	36	 After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever.	
Bill	person	130	 After receiving a life lesson from Bill and learning that there are more than 150 known Pokémon species, the friends learn from Bill that there is only one Pokémon he is searching for, which he claims is the largest Pokémon ever.	
Bill	person	3	As Bill is reminiscing, the same sound is suddenly heard, and a large figure appears, rising from the ocean.	
Bill	person	1	 Bill calls out at it to stay, but to no avail.	
Bill	person	16	In the morning, Bill seems to be at peace with the fact that he failed to learn more about the Pokémon and is simply grateful he got to see it at all.	
Bill	person	31	 With another life lesson from Bill, the heroes say goodbye and continue on their journey.	
Gary	person	34	 Ash is enraged upon hearing that Gary has also caught a Krabby, and becomes even more so when he sees how large it is compared to his own.	
Gary	person	50	 Ash is further humiliated when he finds out that Gary has already caught 45 Pokémon, dwarfing Ash's mere seven.	
Ash	person	6	While Ash is wandering through the forest with his friends, he begins bragging about his accomplishments, but Misty claims all his Pokémon followed him, and therefore he failed to actually catch any of them.	
Ash	person	13	 This angers Ash, who then runs off through the forest vowing to catch a seventh Pokémon, but legitimately this time.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash insults Krabby about its small size, and it challenges him to a battle.	
Ash	person	54	 Not even bothering to call upon one of his Pokémon, Ash lunges at Krabby with a stick (which Krabby slices into pieces with little effort), throws a Poké Ball, and catches it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash rings the bell, only to be greeted by an eerie ringing and a mysterious voice asking them to identify themselves.	
Ash	person	7	 After Ash and company explain their situation and Brock offers to cook the lighthouse keeper a bacon-double cheeseburger, they are granted entrance.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks for permission to use the lighthouse's phone, and is directed to a phone near them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Professor Oak to ask about his newly caught Krabby.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is enraged upon hearing that Gary has also caught a Krabby, and becomes even more so when he sees how large it is compared to his own.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is further humiliated when he finds out that Gary has already caught 45 Pokémon, dwarfing Ash's mere seven.	
Ash	person	96	 Ash is further humiliated when he finds out that Gary has already caught 45 Pokémon, dwarfing Ash's mere seven.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash helps him out.	
Oak	person	39	 When the Poké Ball is transferred to Oak's lab, Misty teaches him that Trainers can carry a maximum of six Pokémon with them at one time.	
Oak	person	21	 Ash calls Professor Oak to ask about his newly caught Krabby.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.	
Oak	person	90	 Oak tells them that they are calling from Bill's Lighthouse, and that he knows more than Oak himself, so listening to him would be good.	
