Nurse Joy's Chansey	pokemon	62	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Lt. Surge's Raichu	pokemon	25	 Once again, it is to be Lt. Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Vermilion City	settlement	76	After two weeks of traveling, Ash, Misty, and Brock have finally made it to Vermilion City.	
Vermilion City	settlement	12	 Surge, the Vermilion City Gym Leader.	
Pokémon Center	building	17	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Pokémon Center	building	14	Later, at the Pokémon Center, Pikachu awakens, and Ash is relieved that he is all right.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Vermilion Gym	building	90	 Brock and Misty are eager to get cleaned up, but Ash is more concerned about finding the Vermilion Gym.	
Vermilion Gym	building	35	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Vermilion Gym	building	65	Later, Ash and the fully recovered Pikachu head back towards the Vermilion Gym.	
Thunder Stone	item	65	 Nurse Joy enters the room, revealing that she has come across a Thunder Stone.	
Thunder Stone	item	39	 Pikachu stands up and whacks away the Thunder Stone with his tail.	
Thunder Badge	item	113	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Thunder Badge	item	27	 Surge awards Ash with the Thunder Badge.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	81	 After a heated exchange with Misty on the subject, a bell chimes to signal that Ash's Pokémon are fully recovered.	
Thunder Shock	move	28	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Quick Attack	move	14	 Ash orders a Quick Attack, to which Lt.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 Meanwhile, outside, Team Rocket is looking in, seeing Pikachu getting knocked around.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 Outside, Team Rocket watch intently to see what choice Pikachu will make.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 After receiving bizarre cheers from Team Rocket, they arrive at the Gym, ready for their rematch.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 As Ash and Pikachu share an electrifying hug, Team Rocket walk off, with James realizing that they had spent the episode helping Ash and his friends.	
Thunderbolt	move	70	 Surge and Raichu have already won, with Raichu unleashing a powerful Thunderbolt that defeats Pikachu easily.	
Thunderbolt	move	80	 Surge, growing aggravated, orders Raichu to fill the entire Gym with a vicious Thunderbolt attack.	
Thunderbolt	move	22	 Surge orders another Thunderbolt, but Raichu is unable to muster up the electricity for it.	
Mega Punch	move	96	 The resulting trade-off between Pikachu and his adversary leaves Pikachu severely damaged by a Mega Punch and Mega Kick from Raichu.	
Gym Leader	person	27	 Surge, the Vermilion City Gym Leader.	
Body Slam	move	160	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Body Slam	move	10	 Repeated Body Slam attempts from Raichu all miss completely, as Pikachu is simply too fast.	
Nurse Joy	person	62	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Nurse Joy	person	34	 Brock wonders what happened, and Nurse Joy sadly comments on all of the injured Pokémon brought in.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy explains that they have all lost to Lt.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy enters the room, revealing that she has come across a Thunder Stone.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	126	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Mega Kick	move	111	 The resulting trade-off between Pikachu and his adversary leaves Pikachu severely damaged by a Mega Punch and Mega Kick from Raichu.	
Lt. Surge	person	47	 Nurse Joy explains that they have all lost to Lt. Surge, the Vermilion City Gym Leader.	
Lt. Surge	person	82	 However, upon seeing the injured Pokémon, Pikachu becomes frightened to take on Lt. Surge and flatly refuses to battle.	
Lt. Surge	person	1	 Lt. Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Lt. Surge	person	1	 Lt. Surge accepts Ash's challenge and the battle promptly begins.	
Lt. Surge	person	10	 However, Lt. Surge and Raichu have already won, with Raichu unleashing a powerful Thunderbolt that defeats Pikachu easily.	
Lt. Surge	person	77	 He knows that if he evolves Pikachu into Raichu, he might be able to defeat Lt. Surge.	
Lt. Surge	person	104	 However, he also realizes that if he were to evolve Pikachu just to battle, he would be no better than Lt. Surge.	
Lt. Surge	person	73	 Meowth explains that Pikachu doesn't want to change; he wants to battle Lt. Surge again, but as a Pikachu; he wants to win in the name of all Pikachu everywhere.	
Lt. Surge	person	101	 While waiting for Pikachu to fully recover, Brock believes that there might be a solution to defeat Lt. Surge and his Raichu after all when learning that Lt.	
Lt. Surge	person	25	 Once again, it is to be Lt. Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Lt. Surge	person	1	 Lt. Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Lt. Surge	person	42	 Brock then reveals the strategy: because Lt. Surge evolved his Pikachu into a Raichu too fast, it never had a chance to learn the speed attacks it can only learn in Pikachu form.	
Lt. Surge	person	1	 Lt. Surge, growing aggravated, orders Raichu to fill the entire Gym with a vicious Thunderbolt attack.	
Lt. Surge	person	11	 At first, Lt. Surge is convinced he has won, but the smoke clears, revealing the unharmed Pikachu standing on his tail.	
Lt. Surge	person	1	 Lt. Surge orders another Thunderbolt, but Raichu is unable to muster up the electricity for it.	
Lt. Surge	person	37	 Ash orders a Quick Attack, to which Lt. Surge responded by ordering a Take Down.	
Lt. Surge	person	19	 Conceding defeat, Lt. Surge awards Ash with the Thunder Badge.	
Take Down	move	31	 Surge responded by ordering a Take Down.	
Caterpie	pokemon	103	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Chansey	pokemon	74	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Chansey	pokemon	30	 On a stretcher pushed by the Chansey is a badly beaten-up Rattata.	
Pikachu	pokemon	47	 However, Brock stops Ash, and points out that Pikachu is in no condition to battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Ash are also very hungry.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	 However, upon seeing the injured Pokémon, Pikachu becomes frightened to take on Lt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Pikachu	pokemon	115	 Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Despite Surge's assertion that Ash should have evolved Pikachu already, Ash protests, claiming that there is more to a Pokémon battle than evolution.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	Listening to Surge's taunts, Pikachu decides that he is ready to fight Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	117	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	130	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	 Brock realizes that Pikachu simply cannot stand up to Raichu's more powerful attacks and recommends that Ash withdraw Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	119	 Brock realizes that Pikachu simply cannot stand up to Raichu's more powerful attacks and recommends that Ash withdraw Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 However, when Ash tells Pikachu to return, he refuses and charges again at Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 The resulting trade-off between Pikachu and his adversary leaves Pikachu severely damaged by a Mega Punch and Mega Kick from Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	 The resulting trade-off between Pikachu and his adversary leaves Pikachu severely damaged by a Mega Punch and Mega Kick from Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Meanwhile, outside, Team Rocket is looking in, seeing Pikachu getting knocked around.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 They begin to worry that if Pikachu is getting beaten up like this, then maybe he is not worth stealing after all, and all their efforts have been in vain.	
Pikachu	pokemon	109	 Meowth suggests that they could steal Raichu instead, but Jessie and James decide that they should root for Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	95	 Surge and Raichu have already won, with Raichu unleashing a powerful Thunderbolt that defeats Pikachu easily.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	Later, at the Pokémon Center, Pikachu awakens, and Ash is relieved that he is all right.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu, however, is upset to have been beaten so badly by Raichu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 With it, Ash could evolve his Pikachu into a Raichu as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Brock warns him to think hard about this, because once he evolves Pikachu, there is no way to change him back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 He knows that if he evolves Pikachu into Raichu, he might be able to defeat Lt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 However, he also realizes that if he were to evolve Pikachu just to battle, he would be no better than Lt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Finally, he decides to let Pikachu choose.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Outside, Team Rocket watch intently to see what choice Pikachu will make.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu stands up and whacks away the Thunder Stone with his tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then goes into a tirade, which moves even Meowth to tears.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Meowth explains that Pikachu doesn't want to change; he wants to battle Lt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 Surge again, but as a Pikachu; he wants to win in the name of all Pikachu everywhere.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Surge again, but as a Pikachu; he wants to win in the name of all Pikachu everywhere.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Ash agrees with Pikachu's decision and promises that they will win together.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu says he will fight to defend both his honor and Ash's.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 While waiting for Pikachu to fully recover, Brock believes that there might be a solution to defeat Lt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	Later, Ash and the fully recovered Pikachu head back towards the Vermilion Gym.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 The battle begins, and Ash tells Pikachu to stick to their planned strategy.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Ash then orders Pikachu to use Agility, and Pikachu accelerates to full speed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Ash then orders Pikachu to use Agility, and Pikachu accelerates to full speed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	65	 Repeated Body Slam attempts from Raichu all miss completely, as Pikachu is simply too fast.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Surge evolved his Pikachu into a Raichu too fast, it never had a chance to learn the speed attacks it can only learn in Pikachu form.	
Pikachu	pokemon	121	 Surge evolved his Pikachu into a Raichu too fast, it never had a chance to learn the speed attacks it can only learn in Pikachu form.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 Surge is convinced he has won, but the smoke clears, revealing the unharmed Pikachu standing on his tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	Brock explains that Pikachu used his tail as a ground to dodge the electric shocks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 The quicker Pikachu manages to strike first, slamming into Raichu's stomach.	
Pikachu	pokemon	86	 He no longer refers to Ash as "baby", and Raichu even shows kindness and respect for Pikachu as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 As Ash and Pikachu share an electrifying hug, Team Rocket walk off, with James realizing that they had spent the episode helping Ash and his friends.	
Agility	move	32	 Ash then orders Pikachu to use Agility, and Pikachu accelerates to full speed.	
Thunder	move	113	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Thunder	move	28	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Thunder	move	65	 Nurse Joy enters the room, revealing that she has come across a Thunder Stone.	
Thunder	move	39	 Pikachu stands up and whacks away the Thunder Stone with his tail.	
Thunder	move	27	 Surge awards Ash with the Thunder Badge.	
Rattata	pokemon	59	 On a stretcher pushed by the Chansey is a badly beaten-up Rattata.	
Rattata	pokemon	161	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Trainer	person	88	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Trainer	person	81	 Surge then calls on his Raichu, a Pokémon that has a personality very like its Trainer's.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 Brock wonders what happened, and Nurse Joy sadly comments on all of the injured Pokémon brought in.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Pokémon	pokemon	87	 After a heated exchange with Misty on the subject, a bell chimes to signal that Ash's Pokémon are fully recovered.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 However, upon seeing the injured Pokémon, Pikachu becomes frightened to take on Lt.	
Pokémon	pokemon	131	 Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Surge then calls on his Raichu, a Pokémon that has a personality very like its Trainer's.	
Pokémon	pokemon	120	 Despite Surge's assertion that Ash should have evolved Pikachu already, Ash protests, claiming that there is more to a Pokémon battle than evolution.	
Pokémon	pokemon	6	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	14	Later, at the Pokémon Center, Pikachu awakens, and Ash is relieved that he is all right.	
Jessie	person	59	 Meowth suggests that they could steal Raichu instead, but Jessie and James decide that they should root for Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth suggests that they could steal Raichu instead, but Jessie and James decide that they should root for Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	51	 Pikachu then goes into a tirade, which moves even Meowth to tears.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth explains that Pikachu doesn't want to change; he wants to battle Lt.	
Raichu	pokemon	25	 Surge then calls on his Raichu, a Pokémon that has a personality very like its Trainer's.	
Raichu	pokemon	71	Listening to Surge's taunts, Pikachu decides that he is ready to fight Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	54	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	147	 Both Pokémon begin with a Thunder Shock attack, but Raichu's is significantly stronger and does far more damage to Pikachu than Pikachu deals to Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	55	 Brock realizes that Pikachu simply cannot stand up to Raichu's more powerful attacks and recommends that Ash withdraw Pikachu.	
Raichu	pokemon	76	 However, when Ash tells Pikachu to return, he refuses and charges again at Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	126	 The resulting trade-off between Pikachu and his adversary leaves Pikachu severely damaged by a Mega Punch and Mega Kick from Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	39	 Meowth suggests that they could steal Raichu instead, but Jessie and James decide that they should root for Pikachu.	
Raichu	pokemon	11	 Surge and Raichu have already won, with Raichu unleashing a powerful Thunderbolt that defeats Pikachu easily.	
Raichu	pokemon	41	 Surge and Raichu have already won, with Raichu unleashing a powerful Thunderbolt that defeats Pikachu easily.	
Raichu	pokemon	60	 Pikachu, however, is upset to have been beaten so badly by Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	46	 With it, Ash could evolve his Pikachu into a Raichu as well.	
Raichu	pokemon	42	 He knows that if he evolves Pikachu into Raichu, he might be able to defeat Lt.	
Raichu	pokemon	15	 Surge and his Raichu after all when learning that Lt.	
Raichu	pokemon	23	 Surge had evolved his Raichu the moment he caught it.	
Raichu	pokemon	9	 Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Raichu	pokemon	76	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Raichu	pokemon	108	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Raichu	pokemon	34	 Repeated Body Slam attempts from Raichu all miss completely, as Pikachu is simply too fast.	
Raichu	pokemon	34	 Surge evolved his Pikachu into a Raichu too fast, it never had a chance to learn the speed attacks it can only learn in Pikachu form.	
Raichu	pokemon	35	 Surge, growing aggravated, orders Raichu to fill the entire Gym with a vicious Thunderbolt attack.	
Raichu	pokemon	1	 Raichu rips up the arena floor and even blows out all the windows around the arena.	
Raichu	pokemon	39	 Surge orders another Thunderbolt, but Raichu is unable to muster up the electricity for it.	
Raichu	pokemon	60	 The quicker Pikachu manages to strike first, slamming into Raichu's stomach.	
Raichu	pokemon	20	 He then slams into Raichu while surrounding himself with electricity, knocking out his opponent and winning the match.	
Raichu	pokemon	43	 He no longer refers to Ash as "baby", and Raichu even shows kindness and respect for Pikachu as well.	
Oddish	person	116	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Brock	person	46	After two weeks of traveling, Ash, Misty, and Brock have finally made it to Vermilion City.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty are eager to get cleaned up, but Ash is more concerned about finding the Vermilion Gym.	
Brock	person	10	 However, Brock stops Ash, and points out that Pikachu is in no condition to battle.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock wonders what happened, and Nurse Joy sadly comments on all of the injured Pokémon brought in.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock realizes that Pikachu simply cannot stand up to Raichu's more powerful attacks and recommends that Ash withdraw Pikachu.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock warns him to think hard about this, because once he evolves Pikachu, there is no way to change him back.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suggests a strategy change, but Ash is convinced they can find a way.	
Brock	person	45	 While waiting for Pikachu to fully recover, Brock believes that there might be a solution to defeat Lt.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock then reveals the strategy: because Lt.	
Brock	person	106	 Surge is convinced he has won, but the smoke clears, revealing the unharmed Pikachu standing on his tail.Brock explains that Pikachu used his tail as a ground to dodge the electric shocks.	
James	person	70	 Meowth suggests that they could steal Raichu instead, but Jessie and James decide that they should root for Pikachu.	
James	person	74	 As Ash and Pikachu share an electrifying hug, Team Rocket walk off, with James realizing that they had spent the episode helping Ash and his friends.	
Misty	person	35	After two weeks of traveling, Ash, Misty, and Brock have finally made it to Vermilion City.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty are eager to get cleaned up, but Ash is more concerned about finding the Vermilion Gym.	
Misty	person	73	 At this, Ash begins to worry over his upcoming Gym battle against Surge.Misty unhelpfully reminds Ash that he only received his first two Badges out of pity, but Ash retorts that a Badge is a Badge.	
Misty	person	30	 After a heated exchange with Misty on the subject, a bell chimes to signal that Ash's Pokémon are fully recovered.	
Badge	item	109	Misty unhelpfully reminds Ash that he only received his first two Badges out of pity, but Ash retorts that a Badge is a Badge.	
Badge	item	120	Misty unhelpfully reminds Ash that he only received his first two Badges out of pity, but Ash retorts that a Badge is a Badge.	
Badge	item	121	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Badge	item	35	 Surge awards Ash with the Thunder Badge.	
Slam	move	165	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Slam	move	15	 Repeated Body Slam attempts from Raichu all miss completely, as Pikachu is simply too fast.	
Gym	building	100	 Brock and Misty are eager to get cleaned up, but Ash is more concerned about finding the Vermilion Gym.	
Gym	building	27	 Surge, the Vermilion City Gym Leader.	
Gym	building	48	 At this, Ash begins to worry over his upcoming Gym battle against Surge.	
Gym	building	45	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Gym	building	76	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Gym	building	33	 Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Gym	building	75	Later, Ash and the fully recovered Pikachu head back towards the Vermilion Gym.	
Gym	building	69	 After receiving bizarre cheers from Team Rocket, they arrive at the Gym, ready for their rematch.	
Gym	building	61	 Surge, growing aggravated, orders Raichu to fill the entire Gym with a vicious Thunderbolt attack.	
Ash	person	30	After two weeks of traveling, Ash, Misty, and Brock have finally made it to Vermilion City.	
Ash	person	50	 Brock and Misty are eager to get cleaned up, but Ash is more concerned about finding the Vermilion Gym.	
Ash	person	22	 However, Brock stops Ash, and points out that Pikachu is in no condition to battle.	
Ash	person	13	 Pikachu and Ash are also very hungry.	
Ash	person	34	 However, at the Pokémon Center, Ash and his friends witness Nurse Joy's Chansey and a Trainer run in.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends are then taken to a room where there are many badly injured Pokémon, including a Caterpie, an Oddish, a Sandshrew, and the previously seen Rattata.	
Ash	person	10	 At this, Ash begins to worry over his upcoming Gym battle against Surge.	
Ash	person	26	Misty unhelpfully reminds Ash that he only received his first two Badges out of pity, but Ash retorts that a Badge is a Badge.	
Ash	person	90	Misty unhelpfully reminds Ash that he only received his first two Badges out of pity, but Ash retorts that a Badge is a Badge.	
Ash	person	81	 After a heated exchange with Misty on the subject, a bell chimes to signal that Ash's Pokémon are fully recovered.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Ash	person	61	 Ash drags Pikachu with him to the Vermilion Gym anyway, and Ash enters the Gym declaring his intention to win a Thunder Badge.	
Ash	person	100	 Surge's two subordinates in the Gym mock Pikachu, and the man himself is even crueler, christening Ash "baby" and Pikachu a "baby Pokémon".	
Ash	person	32	 Despite Surge's assertion that Ash should have evolved Pikachu already, Ash protests, claiming that there is more to a Pokémon battle than evolution.	
Ash	person	73	 Despite Surge's assertion that Ash should have evolved Pikachu already, Ash protests, claiming that there is more to a Pokémon battle than evolution.	
Ash	person	15	 Surge accepts Ash's challenge and the battle promptly begins.	
Ash	person	106	 Brock realizes that Pikachu simply cannot stand up to Raichu's more powerful attacks and recommends that Ash withdraw Pikachu.	
Ash	person	15	 However, when Ash tells Pikachu to return, he refuses and charges again at Raichu.	
Ash	person	52	Later, at the Pokémon Center, Pikachu awakens, and Ash is relieved that he is all right.	
Ash	person	10	 With it, Ash could evolve his Pikachu into a Raichu as well.	
Ash	person	10	 At this, Ash is extremely torn.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees with Pikachu's decision and promises that they will win together.	
Ash	person	39	 Brock suggests a strategy change, but Ash is convinced they can find a way.	
Ash	person	57	 Pikachu says he will fight to defend both his honor and Ash's.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash and the fully recovered Pikachu head back towards the Vermilion Gym.	
Ash	person	24	 Surge's Raichu against Ash's Pikachu.	
Ash	person	24	 The battle begins, and Ash tells Pikachu to stick to their planned strategy.	
Ash	person	48	 Surge uses the same strategy as last time, but Ash orders Pikachu to dodge Raichu's heavy attacks, causing Raichu to give itself recoil damage from moves like Body Slam.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then orders Pikachu to use Agility, and Pikachu accelerates to full speed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders a Quick Attack, to which Lt.	
Ash	person	14	 Surge awards Ash with the Thunder Badge.	
Ash	person	24	 He no longer refers to Ash as "baby", and Raichu even shows kindness and respect for Pikachu as well.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and Pikachu share an electrifying hug, Team Rocket walk off, with James realizing that they had spent the episode helping Ash and his friends.	
Ash	person	130	 As Ash and Pikachu share an electrifying hug, Team Rocket walk off, with James realizing that they had spent the episode helping Ash and his friends.	
