Raticate's Trainer	person	46	 Ash decides to step forward to challenge the Raticate's Trainer, sending Butterfree out.	
Team Rocket Grunts	person	72	Team Rocket's plan goes into motion, the ballroom being locked down and Team Rocket Grunts confronting the Trainers.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	46	 He proposes a trade between his Raticate and Ash's Butterfree.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	112	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St.	
Brock's Geodude	pokemon	57	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Vermilion City	settlement	22	The ship sails out of Vermilion City as Ash and his friends chow down.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Thunder Badge	item	18	After earning the Thunder Badge, Ash and his friends walk across a bridge and spot a luxury liner in the distance.	
ThunderShock	move	110	 When one of the grunts walks up to Ash and demands his Pokémon, Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thugs with ThunderShock.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket reveal their plan: the party is a ruse to allow Team Rocket to steal the attending Trainers' Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	61	 Team Rocket reveal their plan: the party is a ruse to allow Team Rocket to steal the attending Trainers' Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	107	 He mentions that, as the trade was happening, he remembered the experiences he had shared with Butterfree.Team Rocket's plan goes into motion, the ballroom being locked down and Team Rocket Grunts confronting the Trainers.	
Team Rocket	group	179	 He mentions that, as the trade was happening, he remembered the experiences he had shared with Butterfree.Team Rocket's plan goes into motion, the ballroom being locked down and Team Rocket Grunts confronting the Trainers.	
Team Rocket	group	114	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Team Rocket	group	40	 Pikachu group uses Thunderbolt to send Team Rocket flying off the ship and foiling the attack.	
Team Rocket	group	73	 Likewise, just as James grabs Magikarp's Poké Ball, another wave sends Team Rocket flying against a wall; they too are knocked unconscious.	
Team Rocket	group	115	 The captain, watching from his life boat, assumes that everyone is safe, not realizing that Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket are still on board.	
Thunderbolt	move	20	 Pikachu group uses Thunderbolt to send Team Rocket flying off the ship and foiling the attack.	
Hyper Fang	move	15	 Raticate uses Hyper Fang, but Butterfree uses Stun Spore to paralyze it.	
Charmander	pokemon	16	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Butterfree	pokemon	74	 Ash decides to step forward to challenge the Raticate's Trainer, sending Butterfree out.	
Butterfree	pokemon	38	 Raticate attacks with Jump Kick, but Butterfree counters with Tackle.	
Butterfree	pokemon	31	 Raticate uses Hyper Fang, but Butterfree uses Stun Spore to paralyze it.	
Butterfree	pokemon	48	 The Gentleman comes up to Ash and commends his Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	52	 He proposes a trade between his Raticate and Ash's Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	92	 They go to a trade machine and execute the trade; Ash acquires Raticate while the man gets Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	91	 Misty finds Ash looking out at sea, having second thoughts about the trade, and unsure if Butterfree will be well taken care of.	
Butterfree	pokemon	96	 He mentions that, as the trade was happening, he remembered the experiences he had shared with Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	15	 Ash notices a Butterfree swarm attacking with Stun Spore and decides to summon his Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	84	 Ash notices a Butterfree swarm attacking with Stun Spore and decides to summon his Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	82	 However, the Poké Ball reveals his Raticate as Misty reminds him that he traded Butterfree away.	
Butterfree	pokemon	38	 As he watches, Ash deeply misses his Butterfree, remembering his experiences with it and wanting it back.	
Butterfree	pokemon	14	 As Ash grabs Butterfree's Poké Ball, the ship rocks again, throwing him and his friends into another room, and knocking them out.	
Super Fang	move	15	 Raticate uses Super Fang to break Starmie's jewel, giving Raticate the win.	
Stun Spore	move	47	 Raticate uses Hyper Fang, but Butterfree uses Stun Spore to paralyze it.	
Stun Spore	move	47	 Ash notices a Butterfree swarm attacking with Stun Spore and decides to summon his Butterfree.	
Gentleman	person	42	 Ash prepares to finish the duel, but the Gentleman recalls his Raticate and declares it a draw, even though Ash was actually winning.	
Gentleman	person	5	 The Gentleman comes up to Ash and commends his Butterfree.	
Gentleman	person	26	 Meanwhile, Ash finds the Gentleman, and requests that the trade be reversed.	
Jump Kick	move	23	 Raticate attacks with Jump Kick, but Butterfree counters with Tackle.	
Poké Ball	item	14	 However, the Poké Ball reveals his Raticate as Misty reminds him that he traded Butterfree away.	
Poké Ball	item	17	 James drops the Poké Ball holding Magikarp, and runs after it.	
Poké Ball	item	15	 Ash grabs his Poké Ball, but another wave causes him to drop it.	
Poké Ball	item	27	 As Ash grabs Butterfree's Poké Ball, the ship rocks again, throwing him and his friends into another room, and knocking them out.	
Poké Ball	item	42	 Likewise, just as James grabs Magikarp's Poké Ball, another wave sends Team Rocket flying against a wall; they too are knocked unconscious.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	14	Ash sends out Pidgeotto to join others in a group Gust attack.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	32	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
St. Anne	region	148	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St. Anne.	
Raticate	pokemon	46	 Ash notices a battle between a Starmie and a Raticate.	
Raticate	pokemon	1	 Raticate uses Super Fang to break Starmie's jewel, giving Raticate the win.	
Raticate	pokemon	59	 Raticate uses Super Fang to break Starmie's jewel, giving Raticate the win.	
Raticate	pokemon	46	 Ash decides to step forward to challenge the Raticate's Trainer, sending Butterfree out.	
Raticate	pokemon	1	 Raticate attacks with Jump Kick, but Butterfree counters with Tackle.	
Raticate	pokemon	1	 Raticate uses Hyper Fang, but Butterfree uses Stun Spore to paralyze it.	
Raticate	pokemon	64	 Ash prepares to finish the duel, but the Gentleman recalls his Raticate and declares it a draw, even though Ash was actually winning.	
Raticate	pokemon	33	 He proposes a trade between his Raticate and Ash's Butterfree.	
Raticate	pokemon	64	 They go to a trade machine and execute the trade; Ash acquires Raticate while the man gets Butterfree.	
Raticate	pokemon	37	 However, the Poké Ball reveals his Raticate as Misty reminds him that he traded Butterfree away.	
Magikarp	pokemon	54	 A salesman calls him over and convinces him to buy a Magikarp, tricking him into thinking that the Pokémon is worth a lot of money.	
Magikarp	pokemon	120	 Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth are extremely displeased at James's being conned into buying a worthless Pokémon such as Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	36	 James drops the Poké Ball holding Magikarp, and runs after it.	
Magikarp	pokemon	31	 Likewise, just as James grabs Magikarp's Poké Ball, another wave sends Team Rocket flying against a wall; they too are knocked unconscious.	
Persian	pokemon	59	 Meowth opens up a call with the boss and Meowth notices a Persian hugging up to the boss; it has replaced Meowth due to the group's constant failure.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 When one of the grunts walks up to Ash and demands his Pokémon, Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thugs with ThunderShock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu group uses Thunderbolt to send Team Rocket flying off the ship and foiling the attack.	
Thunder	move	18	After earning the Thunder Badge, Ash and his friends walk across a bridge and spot a luxury liner in the distance.	
Trainer	person	121	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St.	
Trainer	person	57	 Ash decides to step forward to challenge the Raticate's Trainer, sending Butterfree out.	
Geodude	pokemon	65	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Starmie	pokemon	32	 Ash notices a battle between a Starmie and a Raticate.	
Starmie	pokemon	35	 Raticate uses Super Fang to break Starmie's jewel, giving Raticate the win.	
Pokémon	pokemon	112	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 Team Rocket reveal their plan: the party is a ruse to allow Team Rocket to steal the attending Trainers' Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	Ash and his friends board the ship and head into the main ballroom, noticing all the people, Pokémon, and merchandise.	
Pokémon	pokemon	100	 A salesman calls him over and convinces him to buy a Magikarp, tricking him into thinking that the Pokémon is worth a lot of money.	
Pokémon	pokemon	103	 Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth are extremely displeased at James's being conned into buying a worthless Pokémon such as Magikarp.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 When one of the grunts walks up to Ash and demands his Pokémon, Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thugs with ThunderShock.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 He spurs the other Trainers to fight back, and everyone sends out their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Jessie	person	10	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St.	
Jessie	person	54	 While Ash and his friends look for the luxury liner, Jessie and James head to a nearby lighthouse to meet up with Meowth.	
Jessie	person	12	 Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth are extremely displeased at James's being conned into buying a worthless Pokémon such as Magikarp.	
Meowth	pokemon	115	 While Ash and his friends look for the luxury liner, Jessie and James head to a nearby lighthouse to meet up with Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth opens up a call with the boss and Meowth notices a Persian hugging up to the boss; it has replaced Meowth due to the group's constant failure.	
Meowth	pokemon	42	 Meowth opens up a call with the boss and Meowth notices a Persian hugging up to the boss; it has replaced Meowth due to the group's constant failure.	
Meowth	pokemon	107	 Meowth opens up a call with the boss and Meowth notices a Persian hugging up to the boss; it has replaced Meowth due to the group's constant failure.	
Meowth	pokemon	23	 Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth are extremely displeased at James's being conned into buying a worthless Pokémon such as Magikarp.	
Tackle	move	63	 Raticate attacks with Jump Kick, but Butterfree counters with Tackle.	
Spore	move	52	 Raticate uses Hyper Fang, but Butterfree uses Stun Spore to paralyze it.	
Spore	move	52	 Ash notices a Butterfree swarm attacking with Stun Spore and decides to summon his Butterfree.	
Brock	person	77	 The group take a closer look at the ship and they want to get on board, but Brock mentions that they cannot afford it, so they walk away sullen.	
Brock	person	10	 Ash asks Brock if he should go through with it, but Brock is too attracted to the woman next to him to respond, so Ash agrees to go ahead with the trade.	
Brock	person	53	 Ash asks Brock if he should go through with it, but Brock is too attracted to the woman next to him to respond, so Ash agrees to go ahead with the trade.	
Brock	person	57	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock find Ash finishing the trade.	
James	person	21	 However, Jessie and James, in disguise as ganguro girls, give them tickets to get on board to participate in a Pokémon Trainer party on board the St.	
James	person	65	 While Ash and his friends look for the luxury liner, Jessie and James head to a nearby lighthouse to meet up with Meowth.	
James	person	12	 Meanwhile, James walks by the vendors.	
James	person	58	 Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth are extremely displeased at James's being conned into buying a worthless Pokémon such as Magikarp.	
James	person	1	 James drops the Poké Ball holding Magikarp, and runs after it.	
James	person	19	 Likewise, just as James grabs Magikarp's Poké Ball, another wave sends Team Rocket flying against a wall; they too are knocked unconscious.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty finds Ash looking out at sea, having second thoughts about the trade, and unsure if Butterfree will be well taken care of.	
Misty	person	49	 However, the Poké Ball reveals his Raticate as Misty reminds him that he traded Butterfree away.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock find Ash finishing the trade.	
Badge	item	26	After earning the Thunder Badge, Ash and his friends walk across a bridge and spot a luxury liner in the distance.	
Poké	item	49	 The grunts use vacuums to capture the Trainers' Poké Balls.	
Poké	item	14	 However, the Poké Ball reveals his Raticate as Misty reminds him that he traded Butterfree away.	
Poké	item	17	 James drops the Poké Ball holding Magikarp, and runs after it.	
Poké	item	15	 Ash grabs his Poké Ball, but another wave causes him to drop it.	
Poké	item	27	 As Ash grabs Butterfree's Poké Ball, the ship rocks again, throwing him and his friends into another room, and knocking them out.	
Poké	item	42	 Likewise, just as James grabs Magikarp's Poké Ball, another wave sends Team Rocket flying against a wall; they too are knocked unconscious.	
Gust	move	50	Ash sends out Pidgeotto to join others in a group Gust attack.	
Ash	person	33	After earning the Thunder Badge, Ash and his friends walk across a bridge and spot a luxury liner in the distance.	
Ash	person	7	 While Ash and his friends look for the luxury liner, Jessie and James head to a nearby lighthouse to meet up with Meowth.	
Ash	person	115	 Team Rocket reveal their plan: the party is a ruse to allow Team Rocket to steal the attending Trainers' Pokémon.Ash and his friends board the ship and head into the main ballroom, noticing all the people, Pokémon, and merchandise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices a battle between a Starmie and a Raticate.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to step forward to challenge the Raticate's Trainer, sending Butterfree out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash prepares to finish the duel, but the Gentleman recalls his Raticate and declares it a draw, even though Ash was actually winning.	
Ash	person	109	 Ash prepares to finish the duel, but the Gentleman recalls his Raticate and declares it a draw, even though Ash was actually winning.	
Ash	person	40	The ship sails out of Vermilion City as Ash and his friends chow down.	
Ash	person	27	 The Gentleman comes up to Ash and commends his Butterfree.	
Ash	person	46	 He proposes a trade between his Raticate and Ash's Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Brock if he should go through with it, but Brock is too attracted to the woman next to him to respond, so Ash agrees to go ahead with the trade.	
Ash	person	116	 Ash asks Brock if he should go through with it, but Brock is too attracted to the woman next to him to respond, so Ash agrees to go ahead with the trade.	
Ash	person	51	 They go to a trade machine and execute the trade; Ash acquires Raticate while the man gets Butterfree.	
Ash	person	13	 Misty finds Ash looking out at sea, having second thoughts about the trade, and unsure if Butterfree will be well taken care of.	
Ash	person	36	 When one of the grunts walks up to Ash and demands his Pokémon, Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thugs with ThunderShock.	
Ash	person	66	 When one of the grunts walks up to Ash and demands his Pokémon, Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thugs with ThunderShock.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pikachu, Charmander, and Bulbasaur, together with Brock's Geodude, join the other Pokémon in stopping the Team Rocket thugs.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices a Butterfree swarm attacking with Stun Spore and decides to summon his Butterfree.	
Ash	person	16	 As he watches, Ash deeply misses his Butterfree, remembering his experiences with it and wanting it back.Ash sends out Pidgeotto to join others in a group Gust attack.	
Ash	person	106	 As he watches, Ash deeply misses his Butterfree, remembering his experiences with it and wanting it back.Ash sends out Pidgeotto to join others in a group Gust attack.	
Ash	person	12	 Meanwhile, Ash finds the Gentleman, and requests that the trade be reversed.	
Ash	person	22	 Misty and Brock find Ash finishing the trade.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash grabs his Poké Ball, but another wave causes him to drop it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs after it as his friends follow.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash grabs Butterfree's Poké Ball, the ship rocks again, throwing him and his friends into another room, and knocking them out.	
Ash	person	93	 The captain, watching from his life boat, assumes that everyone is safe, not realizing that Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket are still on board.	
