Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny gives a short speech to commemorate the missing characters, presumed dead.	
Flamethrower	move	34	 Ash brings out Charmander to use Flamethrower to cut an opening through the hull.	
Team Rocket	group	69	 Anne overturned and sank into the sea, taking Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket down as well.	
Team Rocket	group	98	 Jessie and James try to block the jet of water, but fail, as the water fills the hall and washes Team Rocket away.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 It swims down and finds a dead end, but runs into the members of Team Rocket, who are again unconscious.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 Goldeen then comes into view as it pushes Team Rocket, who are blue in the face from nearly drowning, up onto the deck.	
Team Rocket	group	65	 Eventually, everyone makes it safely to the engine room, though Team Rocket is virtually exhausted.	
Team Rocket	group	67	 Misty instructs everyone to strap onto a Water-type Pokémon, but Team Rocket doesn't have one.	
Team Rocket	group	78	 While Ash and his friends swim into the waterfall and escape to the surface, Team Rocket is still stranded.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket straps onto Magikarp and attempt to escape, but they find that Magikarp can't swim.	
Team Rocket	group	65	 The water picks up and washes the ship into the trench, leaving Team Rocket's fate unknown.	
Team Rocket	group	58	Ash and friends climb onto a makeshift platform, noticing Team Rocket hasn't yet made it to the surface.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Pidgeotto flies out and finds Team Rocket on the surface, still attached to the splashing Magikarp.	
Dragon Rage	move	77	 They think it is tired, but Misty remembers Sailor stories about Gyarados's Dragon Rage attack.	
Charmander	pokemon	59	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Charmander	pokemon	16	 Ash brings out Charmander to light the way.	
Charmander	pokemon	16	 Ash brings out Charmander to use Flamethrower to cut an opening through the hull.	
Charmander	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Charmander, who is running from the water.	
Water-type	type	42	 Misty instructs everyone to strap onto a Water-type Pokémon, but Team Rocket doesn't have one.	
Vine Whip	move	36	 He then sends out Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip to create a bridge to the opposite hatch.	
Poké Ball	item	60	 James suddenly starts snickering, as he reveals the golden Poké Ball holding his Magikarp, which has proved useful after all.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	113	 Brock brings up the story of Noah, sending out a bird to search for land and Ash does the same thing by sending Pidgeotto out to scout.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto flies out and finds Team Rocket on the surface, still attached to the splashing Magikarp.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto brings them back to the platform, and Ash and his friends presume that they have passed on.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	81	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	19	 He then sends out Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip to create a bridge to the opposite hatch.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	15	 Jessie orders Bulbasaur to send back the vines.	
Gyarados	pokemon	50	 The Magikarp begins to glow as it evolves into a Gyarados.	
Gyarados	pokemon	1	 Gyarados begins to pursue them, but suddenly stops.	
Gyarados	pokemon	66	 They think it is tired, but Misty remembers Sailor stories about Gyarados's Dragon Rage attack.	
Gyarados	pokemon	27	 The waves pick up as more Gyarados appear.	
Gyarados	pokemon	5	 The Gyarados advance towards the raft.	
St. Anne	region	40	At the end of the previous episode, the St. Anne overturned and sank into the sea, taking Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket down as well.	
Magikarp	pokemon	83	 James suddenly starts snickering, as he reveals the golden Poké Ball holding his Magikarp, which has proved useful after all.	
Magikarp	pokemon	25	 Team Rocket straps onto Magikarp and attempt to escape, but they find that Magikarp can't swim.	
Magikarp	pokemon	76	 Team Rocket straps onto Magikarp and attempt to escape, but they find that Magikarp can't swim.	
Magikarp	pokemon	91	 Pidgeotto flies out and finds Team Rocket on the surface, still attached to the splashing Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	36	 Everyone immediately thinks of the Magikarp as their first source of food, Meowth attempts to bite it but ends up breaking his fangs, as Magikarp is, according to Misty, only scales and bones.	
Magikarp	pokemon	138	 Everyone immediately thinks of the Magikarp as their first source of food, Meowth attempts to bite it but ends up breaking his fangs, as Magikarp is, according to Misty, only scales and bones.	
Magikarp	pokemon	5	 The Magikarp begins to glow as it evolves into a Gyarados.	
Squirtle	pokemon	71	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Squirtle	pokemon	28	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Goldeen	pokemon	21	 Misty sends out her Goldeen to scout the hall.	
Goldeen	pokemon	32	As Ash and his friends wait for Goldeen, James's head pops out of the surface, scaring them.	
Goldeen	pokemon	1	 Goldeen then comes into view as it pushes Team Rocket, who are blue in the face from nearly drowning, up onto the deck.	
Goldeen	pokemon	54	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Goldeen	pokemon	17	 Misty sends out Goldeen, Staryu and Starmie.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Meanwhile, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu call to Ash to wake him up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash has Pikachu shock him to get him to think.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Koffing	pokemon	25	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Geodude	pokemon	96	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Starmie	pokemon	77	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Starmie	pokemon	37	 Misty sends out Goldeen, Staryu and Starmie.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 Ash orders the Pokémon to go to the other side, but they cause the ship to tilt the other way.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 After sliding back and forth, Misty orders everyone to recall their Pokémon and forget the battle in order to survive.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Misty instructs everyone to strap onto a Water-type Pokémon, but Team Rocket doesn't have one.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 At this point, James is so frustrated with his Pokémon that he kicks it into the ocean.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 Ash checks his Pokédex as James attempts to reclaim his role as the Pokémon's master, but is too scared of it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 Brock thinks she will battle it, but she only plans to run away, with the Water Pokémon pulling the platform as everyone else attempts to row.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex as James attempts to reclaim his role as the Pokémon's master, but is too scared of it.	
Jessie	person	11	Meanwhile, Jessie and James wake up from being knocked out as well.	
Jessie	person	17	 James panics as Jessie brings out Ekans.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James try to block the jet of water, but fail, as the water fills the hall and washes Team Rocket away.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James regain consciousness and stand up, ready to battle.	
Jessie	person	96	 Ash and his friends begin to slowly cross the vines, but James is too scared to cross, begging Jessie and Meowth to go on and leave him behind.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie slaps him and helps him regain his composure, but Ash and his friends are already across.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie orders Bulbasaur to send back the vines.	
Jessie	person	74	 They attempt to push them back into the sea as a traditional burial, but Jessie and James wake up just in time to prevent their accidental drowning.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth informs them that the ship capsized and sank.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries to stop her, but is too late.	
Meowth	pokemon	107	 Ash and his friends begin to slowly cross the vines, but James is too scared to cross, begging Jessie and Meowth to go on and leave him behind.	
Meowth	pokemon	76	 Everyone immediately thinks of the Magikarp as their first source of food, Meowth attempts to bite it but ends up breaking his fangs, as Magikarp is, according to Misty, only scales and bones.	
Staryu	pokemon	26	 Misty sends out Goldeen, Staryu and Starmie.	
Brock	person	19	 Meanwhile, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu call to Ash to wake him up.	
Brock	person	41	 Ash wants to dive down to the deck, but Brock says that it could be dangerous.	
Brock	person	44	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Brock	person	32	 They approach a staircase, and Brock sends out Onix to allow everyone to climb up.	
Brock	person	66	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock brings up the story of Noah, sending out a bird to search for land and Ash does the same thing by sending Pidgeotto out to scout.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock thinks she will battle it, but she only plans to run away, with the Water Pokémon pulling the platform as everyone else attempts to row.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock urges everyone to flee again, but Misty says that nobody has ever survived the attack before.	
James	person	22	Meanwhile, Jessie and James wake up from being knocked out as well.	
James	person	1	 James panics as Jessie brings out Ekans.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James try to block the jet of water, but fail, as the water fills the hall and washes Team Rocket away.	
James	person	41	As Ash and his friends wait for Goldeen, James's head pops out of the surface, scaring them.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James regain consciousness and stand up, ready to battle.	
James	person	58	 Ash and his friends begin to slowly cross the vines, but James is too scared to cross, begging Jessie and Meowth to go on and leave him behind.	
James	person	1	 James suddenly starts snickering, as he reveals the golden Poké Ball holding his Magikarp, which has proved useful after all.	
James	person	85	 They attempt to push them back into the sea as a traditional burial, but Jessie and James wake up just in time to prevent their accidental drowning.	
James	person	16	 At this point, James is so frustrated with his Pokémon that he kicks it into the ocean.	
James	person	28	 Ash checks his Pokédex as James attempts to reclaim his role as the Pokémon's master, but is too scared of it.	
Misty	person	12	 Meanwhile, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu call to Ash to wake him up.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty points to the porthole and Ash looks out, noticing fish swimming.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty notes that the ship will take time to fill with water, but time is still critical.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends out her Goldeen to scout the hall.	
Misty	person	31	 After sliding back and forth, Misty orders everyone to recall their Pokémon and forget the battle in order to survive.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty finally manages to convince everyone to work together temporarily.	
Misty	person	17	 With the truce, Misty reveals that she knows the ship blueprints, because she once built a model of it, and that they should go up to the bottom of the ship and cut through the hull to escape.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty instructs everyone to strap onto a Water-type Pokémon, but Team Rocket doesn't have one.	
Misty	person	43	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Misty	person	164	 Everyone immediately thinks of the Magikarp as their first source of food, Meowth attempts to bite it but ends up breaking his fangs, as Magikarp is, according to Misty, only scales and bones.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends out Goldeen, Staryu and Starmie.	
Misty	person	29	 They think it is tired, but Misty remembers Sailor stories about Gyarados's Dragon Rage attack.	
Misty	person	41	 Brock urges everyone to flee again, but Misty says that nobody has ever survived the attack before.	
Water	type	42	 Misty instructs everyone to strap onto a Water-type Pokémon, but Team Rocket doesn't have one.	
Water	type	75	 Brock thinks she will battle it, but she only plans to run away, with the Water Pokémon pulling the platform as everyone else attempts to row.	
Ekans	pokemon	35	 James panics as Jessie brings out Ekans.	
Ekans	pokemon	15	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Acid	move	22	 She orders it to use Acid to open a hole in the floor.	
Onix	pokemon	48	 They approach a staircase, and Brock sends out Onix to allow everyone to climb up.	
Poké	item	60	 James suddenly starts snickering, as he reveals the golden Poké Ball holding his Magikarp, which has proved useful after all.	
Noah	person	30	 Brock brings up the story of Noah, sending out a bird to search for land and Ash does the same thing by sending Pidgeotto out to scout.	
Rage	move	84	 They think it is tired, but Misty remembers Sailor stories about Gyarados's Dragon Rage attack.	
Ash	person	47	 Anne overturned and sank into the sea, taking Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket down as well.	
Ash	person	46	 Meanwhile, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu call to Ash to wake him up.	
Ash	person	34	 Misty points to the porthole and Ash looks out, noticing fish swimming.	
Ash	person	24	 Elsewhere on the ship, Ash and his friends head out into the stairwell, the water level preventing them from going to the deck.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wants to dive down to the deck, but Brock says that it could be dangerous.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash realizes he is right, as he has a vision of running into a locked hatch and drowning.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends wait for Goldeen, James's head pops out of the surface, scaring them.	
Ash	person	36	 They send out Ekans and Koffing as Ash and Brock send out Charmander, Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Geodude.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders the Pokémon to go to the other side, but they cause the ship to tilt the other way.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out Charmander to light the way.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has Pikachu shock him to get him to think.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends begin to slowly cross the vines, but James is too scared to cross, begging Jessie and Meowth to go on and leave him behind.	
Ash	person	58	 Jessie slaps him and helps him regain his composure, but Ash and his friends are already across.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out Charmander to use Flamethrower to cut an opening through the hull.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Charmander, who is running from the water.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu strap onto Squirtle while Misty gets Goldeen and Brock gets Starmie.	
Ash	person	7	 While Ash and his friends swim into the waterfall and escape to the surface, Team Rocket is still stranded.	
Ash	person	92	 The water picks up and washes the ship into the trench, leaving Team Rocket's fate unknown.Ash and friends climb onto a makeshift platform, noticing Team Rocket hasn't yet made it to the surface.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks out to sea and is unable to spot any land.	
Ash	person	78	 Brock brings up the story of Noah, sending out a bird to search for land and Ash does the same thing by sending Pidgeotto out to scout.	
Ash	person	49	 Pidgeotto brings them back to the platform, and Ash and his friends presume that they have passed on.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex as James attempts to reclaim his role as the Pokémon's master, but is too scared of it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends try to hold together, but they lose grip and spiral out of control.	
