Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	120	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	41	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	42	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	146	 They also tell him that they are not bad guys and only take bad orders from their masters, much to Meowth's dismay, leaving him unable to battle Ash's Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	69	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Team Rocket	group	14	The next day, Team Rocket runs back to the phone booth and Jessie makes a phone call.	
Team Rocket	group	54	 Meanwhile, the Pokémon, still searching for Ash and Team Rocket, come across a giant Blastoise.	
Team Rocket	group	2	" Team Rocket, still pulling the telephone wire, are now being chased by a huge Kabutops.	
Team Rocket	group	56	 It gets its foot tied in the wire and is dragged after Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	84	 Then Ash and friends find the giant Pikachu, which is then knocked down because of Team Rocket and the trailing wire on the rail cart.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 Ash and friends fall into the cart with Team Rocket inside.	
Team Rocket	group	72	 It is revealed that the island is actually an attraction park owned by Team Rocket's boss, Giovanni, who isn't too happy with the destruction of Pokémon Land.	
Porta Vista	region	46	Ash and his friends continue on, ending up in Porta Vista.	
Charmander	pokemon	124	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Charmander	pokemon	13	 Pikachu and Charmander decide to ask for help but with little result while Bulbasaur and Squirtle relax on the beach.	
Hydro Pump	move	96	 Squirtle tries to start up a conversation with the giant Blastoise but it gets attacked by its Hydro Pump.	
Blastoise	pokemon	87	 Meanwhile, the Pokémon, still searching for Ash and Team Rocket, come across a giant Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	58	 Squirtle tries to start up a conversation with the giant Blastoise but it gets attacked by its Hydro Pump.	
Blastoise	pokemon	59	 Then they see their Pokémon chased by a giant Charizard, Blastoise and Venusaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	113	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	76	 Pikachu and Charmander decide to ask for help but with little result while Bulbasaur and Squirtle relax on the beach.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	101	 Each side tells the other about their missing Trainers and Koffing and Ekans get visibly upset when Bulbasaur mentions that their Trainers may have abandoned them.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	52	 Pikachu immediately refutes the very idea, telling Bulbasaur that Ash would never do something like that.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	54	 They then see a Venusaur and Squirtle this time asks Bulbasaur to seek help from it as Squirtle thinks it's one of Bulbasaur's relatives.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	116	 They then see a Venusaur and Squirtle this time asks Bulbasaur to seek help from it as Squirtle thinks it's one of Bulbasaur's relatives.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur is too afraid to ask the giant Venusaur and so says that it's an orphan and has no family, to which Squirtle decides to call it a "coward.	
Charizard	pokemon	85	 At the same time, Ash and company run behind a rock after being attacked by a giant Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	48	 Then they see their Pokémon chased by a giant Charizard, Blastoise and Venusaur.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	17	 They then see a Slowpoke fishing in the sea with its tail.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	16	 Meanwhile, the Slowpoke from earlier in the episode is still sitting on the rocks.	
Gyarados	pokemon	38	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Gyarados	pokemon	3	 A Gyarados shaped boat approaches the island.	
Shellder	pokemon	27	 It stands up, revealing a Shellder attached to its tail.	
Giovanni	person	92	 It is revealed that the island is actually an attraction park owned by Team Rocket's boss, Giovanni, who isn't too happy with the destruction of Pokémon Land.	
Kabutops	pokemon	80	" Team Rocket, still pulling the telephone wire, are now being chased by a huge Kabutops.	
Kabutops	pokemon	58	 It starts moving but begins to head backwards toward the Kabutops, rather than away from it.	
Venusaur	pokemon	17	 They then see a Venusaur and Squirtle this time asks Bulbasaur to seek help from it as Squirtle thinks it's one of Bulbasaur's relatives.	
Venusaur	pokemon	42	 Bulbasaur is too afraid to ask the giant Venusaur and so says that it's an orphan and has no family, to which Squirtle decides to call it a "coward.	
Venusaur	pokemon	73	 Then they see their Pokémon chased by a giant Charizard, Blastoise and Venusaur.	
Squirtle	pokemon	139	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	90	 Pikachu and Charmander decide to ask for help but with little result while Bulbasaur and Squirtle relax on the beach.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle is forced to ask it for directions by the other Pokémon, something that it's not too happy to do.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle tries to start up a conversation with the giant Blastoise but it gets attacked by its Hydro Pump.	
Squirtle	pokemon	30	 They then see a Venusaur and Squirtle this time asks Bulbasaur to seek help from it as Squirtle thinks it's one of Bulbasaur's relatives.	
Squirtle	pokemon	88	 They then see a Venusaur and Squirtle this time asks Bulbasaur to seek help from it as Squirtle thinks it's one of Bulbasaur's relatives.	
Squirtle	pokemon	111	 Bulbasaur is too afraid to ask the giant Venusaur and so says that it's an orphan and has no family, to which Squirtle decides to call it a "coward.	
Moltres	pokemon	56	 Meanwhile, Jessie and James are being chased by a huge Moltres.	
Moltres	pokemon	75	 They run into a sign and are both knocked out, causing them to escape the Moltres.	
Pikachu	pokemon	146	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Charmander decide to ask for help but with little result while Bulbasaur and Squirtle relax on the beach.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu immediately refutes the very idea, telling Bulbasaur that Ash would never do something like that.	
Pikachu	pokemon	54	 Meanwhile, Meowth is tied up for what he has done to Pikachu and the others in the past.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu unties Meowth so he can escape.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 Meowth shows no gratitude for Pikachu's action, instead pushing him and saying that he could have got out himself.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 They see a Pikachu and decide to catch it, not realizing until it is too late that it is in fact a giant Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	106	 They see a Pikachu and decide to catch it, not realizing until it is too late that it is in fact a giant Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	 Then Ash and friends find the giant Pikachu, which is then knocked down because of Team Rocket and the trailing wire on the rail cart.	
Koffing	pokemon	93	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Koffing	pokemon	14	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Koffing	pokemon	60	 Each side tells the other about their missing Trainers and Koffing and Ekans get visibly upset when Bulbasaur mentions that their Trainers may have abandoned them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	126	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 On another side of the island, Jessie and James awaken to find their Pokémon, including Meowth, are missing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	91	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Pokémon	pokemon	152	 They also tell him that they are not bad guys and only take bad orders from their masters, much to Meowth's dismay, leaving him unable to battle Ash's Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	 The two sets of Pokémon join together to find their Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon escape, accidentally leaving Meowth tied up.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	 Ash vows to find his Pokémon no matter what.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 Meanwhile, the Pokémon, still searching for Ash and Team Rocket, come across a giant Blastoise.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 Squirtle is forced to ask it for directions by the other Pokémon, something that it's not too happy to do.	
Pokémon	pokemon	21	 Then they see their Pokémon chased by a giant Charizard, Blastoise and Venusaur.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon manage to jump to their Trainers and are at last reunited.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Soon all the other giant robot Pokémon crash into each other and lie broken in a massive pile on the beach.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 Inside, a woman introduces what appears to be tourists on the boat to Pokémon Island, however on noticing the damaged Pokémon, apologizes and then makes a call.	
Pokémon	pokemon	120	 Inside, a woman introduces what appears to be tourists on the boat to Pokémon Island, however on noticing the damaged Pokémon, apologizes and then makes a call.	
Pokémon	pokemon	146	 It is revealed that the island is actually an attraction park owned by Team Rocket's boss, Giovanni, who isn't too happy with the destruction of Pokémon Land.	
Slowbro	pokemon	19	 The newly evolved Slowbro looks forward and says its name proudly.	
Rhydon	pokemon	32	 While they are eating, a giant Rhydon frightens them.	
Jessie	person	32	 On another side of the island, Jessie and James awaken to find their Pokémon, including Meowth, are missing.	
Jessie	person	12	 Meanwhile, Jessie and James are being chased by a huge Moltres.	
Jessie	person	59	The next day, Team Rocket runs back to the phone booth and Jessie makes a phone call.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James then use a wire to get help by pulling on it while inside, hoping it will lead to the phone company.	
Meowth	pokemon	90	 On another side of the island, Jessie and James awaken to find their Pokémon, including Meowth, are missing.	
Meowth	pokemon	112	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Meowth	pokemon	100	 They also tell him that they are not bad guys and only take bad orders from their masters, much to Meowth's dismay, leaving him unable to battle Ash's Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth is tied up for what he has done to Pikachu and the others in the past.	
Meowth	pokemon	43	 The Pokémon escape, accidentally leaving Meowth tied up.	
Meowth	pokemon	16	 Pikachu unties Meowth so he can escape.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth shows no gratitude for Pikachu's action, instead pushing him and saying that he could have got out himself.	
Zapdos	pokemon	68	 At the same time, Ash, Misty and Brock are being chased by a giant Zapdos.	
Zapdos	pokemon	131	 Then the cart is sent flying into the air because of a giant loop in the rail tracks causing them to fly and crash into the giant Zapdos which they then discover to be robotic.	
Brock	person	34	 At the same time, Ash, Misty and Brock are being chased by a giant Zapdos.	
James	person	43	 On another side of the island, Jessie and James awaken to find their Pokémon, including Meowth, are missing.	
James	person	23	 Meanwhile, Jessie and James are being chased by a huge Moltres.	
James	person	6	 When James tells her that they don't have money, she says they are calling the boss by collect.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James then use a wire to get help by pulling on it while inside, hoping it will lead to the phone company.	
Porta	region	46	Ash and his friends continue on, ending up in Porta Vista.	
Misty	person	24	 At the same time, Ash, Misty and Brock are being chased by a giant Zapdos.	
Ekans	pokemon	102	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Ekans	pokemon	26	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Ekans	pokemon	72	 Each side tells the other about their missing Trainers and Koffing and Ekans get visibly upset when Bulbasaur mentions that their Trainers may have abandoned them.	
Poké	item	62	 On another part of the island, a separated Pikachu finds the Poké Balls of the separated Pokémon and releases Bulbasaur, Charmander and Squirtle.	
Ash	person	48	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Ash	person	120	After the attack caused by a group of Gyarados, Ash and his friends end up on an island where they realize that four of Ash's Pokémon, including Pikachu, are missing.	
Ash	person	21	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Ash	person	41	While trying to find Ash and the others, Ash's Pokémon are found by Team Rocket's Pokémon, Koffing, Ekans and Meowth.	
Ash	person	42	 Meowth tells Koffing and Ekans to attack Ash's Pokémon, only to find out they won't battle for him because he is not their master.	
Ash	person	146	 They also tell him that they are not bad guys and only take bad orders from their masters, much to Meowth's dismay, leaving him unable to battle Ash's Pokémon.	
Ash	person	67	 Pikachu immediately refutes the very idea, telling Bulbasaur that Ash would never do something like that.	
Ash	person	19	 At the same time, Ash, Misty and Brock are being chased by a giant Zapdos.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash vows to find his Pokémon no matter what.	
Ash	person	19	 At the same time, Ash and company run behind a rock after being attacked by a giant Charizard.	
Ash	person	46	 Meanwhile, the Pokémon, still searching for Ash and Team Rocket, come across a giant Blastoise.	
Ash	person	6	 Then Ash and friends find the giant Pikachu, which is then knocked down because of Team Rocket and the trailing wire on the rail cart.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends fall into the cart with Team Rocket inside.	
Ash	person	160	 It is revealed that the island is actually an attraction park owned by Team Rocket's boss, Giovanni, who isn't too happy with the destruction of Pokémon Land.Ash and his friends continue on, ending up in Porta Vista.	
