Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest	event	33	 Professor Oak explains that the Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest is set to start shortly, and he suggests handing out fliers to the audience.	
Ash's Squirtle	pokemon	61	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Professor Oak	person	34	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak explains that the Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest is set to start shortly, and he suggests handing out fliers to the audience.	
Professor Oak	person	47	As the contest begins, Moe sits with Delia and Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	26	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
Delia Ketchum	person	66	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Flamethrower	move	14	 Charmander's Flamethrower attack hits the missile, which turns and changes course: straight for the submarine!	
Pallet Town	settlement	60	 Delia says that she and the professor are in town with the Pallet Town Volunteer Patrol.	
Ash Ketchum	person	134	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, still using their Gyarados submarine, spy on beachgoers from their vantage point underwater.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's submarine has washed up onto a private beach and they're greeted by a woman named Brutella.	
Team Rocket	group	59	 For a while, Brutella's restaurant has more customers and Team Rocket taunts Ash and his friends over this.	
Team Rocket	group	22	Brutella arrives with Team Rocket a few minutes later and tells Moe that he needs to pay her the money he owes her.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket's Ekans and Koffing are next, and they're costumed as an Omastar.	
Team Rocket	group	68	 Meanwhile, Brutella tells Jessie and James that she knows they are Team Rocket members and that she has fixed their submarine.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then fires a heat-seeking missile from the sub.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket pedal furiously to get away, but they crash into Brutella's restaurant, which is then destroyed by the missile.	
Porta Vista	region	44	Ash and his friends have finally arrived in Porta Vista, a beachside tourist town.	
Charmander	pokemon	83	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Charmander	pokemon	57	 Under Gary's skeptical eye, Ash sends out Pidgeotto and Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander's Flamethrower attack hits the missile, which turns and changes course: straight for the submarine!	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	69	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Pidgeotto, who blankets the beach and town with fliers.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	43	 Under Gary's skeptical eye, Ash sends out Pidgeotto and Charmander.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	147	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	163	 This works well until Meowth sabotages everything - sending fliers flying, spraying oil on the stove, and throwing banana peels on the floor to trip up Misty and Bulbasaur) - causing the crowd to leave Moe's restaurant for Brutella's.	
Gyarados	pokemon	43	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, still using their Gyarados submarine, spy on beachgoers from their vantage point underwater.	
Gyarados	pokemon	16	 Just then, the Gyarados submarine explodes from the water, causing panic.	
Gyarados	pokemon	45	 People run away, thinking that it is a real Gyarados on a rampage.	
Brutella	person	107	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's submarine has washed up onto a private beach and they're greeted by a woman named Brutella.	
Brutella	person	40	 Later, it's revealed that both Moe and Brutella are restaurateurs and rivals.	
Brutella	person	14	 For a while, Brutella's restaurant has more customers and Team Rocket taunts Ash and his friends over this.	
Brutella	person	224	 This works well until Meowth sabotages everything - sending fliers flying, spraying oil on the stove, and throwing banana peels on the floor to trip up Misty and Bulbasaur) - causing the crowd to leave Moe's restaurant for Brutella's.	
Brutella	person	42	 Ash apologizes for messing everything up.Brutella arrives with Team Rocket a few minutes later and tells Moe that he needs to pay her the money he owes her.	
Brutella	person	47	 Soon, Moe's restaurant is full again, much to Brutella's dismay.	
Brutella	person	12	 Meanwhile, Brutella tells Jessie and James that she knows they are Team Rocket members and that she has fixed their submarine.	
Brutella	person	14	 Jessie tells Brutella that they can destroy things without even trying.	
Brutella	person	62	 Team Rocket pedal furiously to get away, but they crash into Brutella's restaurant, which is then destroyed by the missile.	
Gary Oak	person	37	 They are kicked off of the stage by Gary Oak and his cheerleaders, who are apparently the next contestants.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Squirtle	pokemon	67	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Ketchum	person	72	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Ketchum	person	138	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Wasting no time, Ash, Brock and Pikachu change into swimsuits and jump into the ocean.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 The boat is piloted by Ash, who thought Brock borrowed it because Pikachu was on the boat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Koffing	pokemon	25	 Team Rocket's Ekans and Koffing are next, and they're costumed as an Omastar.	
Trainer	person	133	Back onstage, Ash challenges the always-cocky Gary to a battle, but Gary refuses, stating that he does not want to battle an amateur Trainer.	
Starmie	pokemon	49	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 Ash decides to have his Pokémon help out as well.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 Professor Oak explains that the Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest is set to start shortly, and he suggests handing out fliers to the audience.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 Ash grabs the microphone and tells the remaining frightened audience members that it is a mecha, not a Pokémon.	
Omastar	pokemon	70	 Team Rocket's Ekans and Koffing are next, and they're costumed as an Omastar.	
Jessie	person	11	 Suddenly, Jessie notices a speeding boat heading in their direction.	
Jessie	person	27	 Meanwhile, Brutella tells Jessie and James that she knows they are Team Rocket members and that she has fixed their submarine.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tells Brutella that they can destroy things without even trying.	
Meowth	pokemon	23	 This works well until Meowth sabotages everything - sending fliers flying, spraying oil on the stove, and throwing banana peels on the floor to trip up Misty and Bulbasaur) - causing the crowd to leave Moe's restaurant for Brutella's.	
Brock	person	23	 Wasting no time, Ash, Brock and Pikachu change into swimsuits and jump into the ocean.	
Brock	person	41	 The boat is piloted by Ash, who thought Brock borrowed it because Pikachu was on the boat.	
Brock	person	6	 Ash, Brock and Misty volunteer to work to help pay the cost of repairing the boat and the dock.	
Brock	person	26	 The contest begins, with Brock as the announcer.	
Brock	person	32	 Gary grabs the microphone from Brock and insults Ash, who jumps out of his seat and heads for the stage.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock steps between the two rivals before Ash's anger gets the best of him.	
James	person	1	 James asks if they can work for her restaurant to help pay for repairs to their sub, and she agrees.	
James	person	38	 Meanwhile, Brutella tells Jessie and James that she knows they are Team Rocket members and that she has fixed their submarine.	
Porta	region	44	Ash and his friends have finally arrived in Porta Vista, a beachside tourist town.	
Misty	person	16	 Ash, Brock and Misty volunteer to work to help pay the cost of repairing the boat and the dock.	
Misty	person	177	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Misty	person	153	 This works well until Meowth sabotages everything - sending fliers flying, spraying oil on the stove, and throwing banana peels on the floor to trip up Misty and Bulbasaur) - causing the crowd to leave Moe's restaurant for Brutella's.	
Misty	person	23	 He also suggests that Misty enter and (hopefully) win some prize money to help out Moe.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Delia	person	66	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Delia	person	37	As the contest begins, Moe sits with Delia and Professor Oak.	
Delia	person	1	 Delia says that she and the professor are in town with the Pallet Town Volunteer Patrol.	
Ekans	pokemon	15	 Team Rocket's Ekans and Koffing are next, and they're costumed as an Omastar.	
Gary	person	37	 They are kicked off of the stage by Gary Oak and his cheerleaders, who are apparently the next contestants.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary grabs the microphone from Brock and insults Ash, who jumps out of his seat and heads for the stage.	
Gary	person	46	Back onstage, Ash challenges the always-cocky Gary to a battle, but Gary refuses, stating that he does not want to battle an amateur Trainer.	
Gary	person	68	Back onstage, Ash challenges the always-cocky Gary to a battle, but Gary refuses, stating that he does not want to battle an amateur Trainer.	
Gary	person	7	 Under Gary's skeptical eye, Ash sends out Pidgeotto and Charmander.	
Moe	person	1	 Moe, the owner of the boat, comes out to survey the damage.	
Moe	person	1	 Moe agrees to this.	
Moe	person	32	 Later, it's revealed that both Moe and Brutella are restaurateurs and rivals.	
Moe	person	62	 Squirtle and Pikachu are told to hand out fliers advertising Moe's; Pidgeotto and Charmander are to help keep the grill going in the kitchen, and Bulbasaur is assigned to help Misty do her waitress duties.	
Moe	person	203	 This works well until Meowth sabotages everything - sending fliers flying, spraying oil on the stove, and throwing banana peels on the floor to trip up Misty and Bulbasaur) - causing the crowd to leave Moe's restaurant for Brutella's.	
Moe	person	64	Brutella arrives with Team Rocket a few minutes later and tells Moe that he needs to pay her the money he owes her.	
Moe	person	1	 Moe is despondent, as he does not think he will have the money by then.	
Moe	person	84	 He also suggests that Misty enter and (hopefully) win some prize money to help out Moe.	
Moe	person	7	 Soon, Moe's restaurant is full again, much to Brutella's dismay.	
Moe	person	23	As the contest begins, Moe sits with Delia and Professor Oak.	
Moe	person	62	 She blackmails them into stopping the contest and destroying Moe's restaurant so that the audience will come to her restaurant instead.	
Moe	person	36	Ash and his friends say farewell to Moe, who is heading off on his long-awaited cruise.	
UFO	item	86	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Ash	person	18	 Wasting no time, Ash, Brock and Pikachu change into swimsuits and jump into the ocean.	
Ash	person	24	 The boat is piloted by Ash, who thought Brock borrowed it because Pikachu was on the boat.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Brock and Misty volunteer to work to help pay the cost of repairing the boat and the dock.	
Ash	person	78	 For a while, Brutella's restaurant has more customers and Team Rocket taunts Ash and his friends over this.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to have his Pokémon help out as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash apologizes for messing everything up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then fervently encourages him not to give up on his dream.	
Ash	person	52	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is surprised to see both of them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Pidgeotto, who blankets the beach and town with fliers.	
Ash	person	17	 He explains how Ash encouraged him not to give up on his dream.	
Ash	person	61	 Misty is the first contestant, and she uses her Starmie and Ash's Squirtle to form a UFO.	
Ash	person	50	 Gary grabs the microphone from Brock and insults Ash, who jumps out of his seat and heads for the stage.	
Ash	person	14	Back onstage, Ash challenges the always-cocky Gary to a battle, but Gary refuses, stating that he does not want to battle an amateur Trainer.	
Ash	person	43	 Brock steps between the two rivals before Ash's anger gets the best of him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash grabs the microphone and tells the remaining frightened audience members that it is a mecha, not a Pokémon.	
Ash	person	29	 Under Gary's skeptical eye, Ash sends out Pidgeotto and Charmander.	
Ash	person	124	 Team Rocket pedal furiously to get away, but they crash into Brutella's restaurant, which is then destroyed by the missile.Ash and his friends say farewell to Moe, who is heading off on his long-awaited cruise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
Ash	person	134	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
Oak	person	44	 Then, two familiar faces appear: Professor Oak and Ash's mother, Delia Ketchum.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak explains that the Beach Beauty and Pokémon Costume Contest is set to start shortly, and he suggests handing out fliers to the audience.	
Oak	person	57	As the contest begins, Moe sits with Delia and Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	42	 They are kicked off of the stage by Gary Oak and his cheerleaders, who are apparently the next contestants.	
Oak	person	36	 Ash also says goodbye to Professor Oak and his mother, who is holding a trophy inscribed with the words: "First Place in Our Hearts: Ash Ketchum.	
