Team Rocket	group	105	 The gang are nearly run over by the town's citizens, rushing to the beach to carry out Nastina's orders.Team Rocket, who are always nearby, offer to help Nastina.	
Team Rocket	group	17	 The sun sets on Team Rocket in a bucket attached to the ship, wearily plotting for next time.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	67	 However, her building plans are upsetting the local Tentacool and Tentacruel, who've been attacking her construction site.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	116	 Nastina then makes a public announcement offering the million dollars to anyone who exterminates the Tentacool and Tentacruel.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	89	 The sauce lands on that same Tentacool, but instead of being stunned, it evolves into a Tentacruel hundreds of times the normal size of the breed, and promptly begins a citywide rampage.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	33	 Meowth is captured by the large Tentacruel and is used as its mouthpiece.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	51	 The Horsea that Misty saw earlier pleads with the Tentacruel to stop, but is swatted away by a tentacle.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	63	 Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	4	The Tentacruel doesn't understand why the Pokémon would fight on the side of the humans, but then Misty stops it in its tracks.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	15	 She tells the Tentacruel that the humans now understand that what they were doing was wrong, and that the hotel won't be built on the coral reef.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	1	 Tentacruel replies that if their homes are attacked again they will not stop the destruction, then tosses Meowth into a Ferris Wheel in the previously destroyed amusement park, which then collapses and causes Meowth to reawaken.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	1	 Tentacruel then slowly goes into the ocean, followed by the Tentacool.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	44	 Nastina attempts once again to destroy the Tentacruel, but has her face blotched by Horsea's ink before being whacked into the air by the Tentacruel's tentacle.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	139	 Nastina attempts once again to destroy the Tentacruel, but has her face blotched by Horsea's ink before being whacked into the air by the Tentacruel's tentacle.	
Water-type	type	29	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Tentacool	pokemon	53	 However, her building plans are upsetting the local Tentacool and Tentacruel, who've been attacking her construction site.	
Tentacool	pokemon	102	 Nastina then makes a public announcement offering the million dollars to anyone who exterminates the Tentacool and Tentacruel.	
Tentacool	pokemon	62	 However, their boat is soon surrounded by thousands of angry Tentacool, one of whom blasts the stun sauce with a ray gun-type attack and destroys the boat.	
Tentacool	pokemon	30	 The sauce lands on that same Tentacool, but instead of being stunned, it evolves into a Tentacruel hundreds of times the normal size of the breed, and promptly begins a citywide rampage.	
Tentacool	pokemon	61	 Tentacruel then slowly goes into the ocean, followed by the Tentacool.	
Tentacool	pokemon	54	 While the adventure doesn't diminish Misty's love of Tentacool, she declares that "Horsea's the cutest Pokémon of all!	
Brutella	person	70	Later, Ash and his friends meet Nastina, who is the spitting image of Brutella from the previous episode.	
Brutella	person	4	 As Brutella from the previous episode rebuilds her restaurant, Nastina crash-lands into her, re-destroying the restaurant in the process.	
Goldeen	pokemon	72	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Starmie	pokemon	59	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Nastina	person	32	Later, Ash and his friends meet Nastina, who is the spitting image of Brutella from the previous episode.	
Nastina	person	23	 Misty angrily rejects Nastina's offer.	
Nastina	person	1	 Nastina then makes a public announcement offering the million dollars to anyone who exterminates the Tentacool and Tentacruel.	
Nastina	person	88	 The gang are nearly run over by the town's citizens, rushing to the beach to carry out Nastina's orders.	
Nastina	person	50	Team Rocket, who are always nearby, offer to help Nastina.	
Nastina	person	64	 It explains that it's destroying the city in much the same way Nastina has been destroying its home in the coral reef.	
Nastina	person	1	 Nastina attempts once again to destroy the Tentacruel, but has her face blotched by Horsea's ink before being whacked into the air by the Tentacruel's tentacle.	
Nastina	person	64	 As Brutella from the previous episode rebuilds her restaurant, Nastina crash-lands into her, re-destroying the restaurant in the process.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 She wants the Pokémon exterminated and offers a million dollar reward, which Ash and Brock are eager to accept.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 She then explains her love of Water Pokémon to Ash and Brock, who don't quite understand her.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 They plan on using their "Super Secret Stun Sauce" on the Pokémon and then selling them at a fish market for more money.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	The Tentacruel doesn't understand why the Pokémon would fight on the side of the humans, but then Misty stops it in its tracks.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 While the adventure doesn't diminish Misty's love of Tentacool, she declares that "Horsea's the cutest Pokémon of all!	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is captured by the large Tentacruel and is used as its mouthpiece.	
Meowth	pokemon	107	 Tentacruel replies that if their homes are attacked again they will not stop the destruction, then tosses Meowth into a Ferris Wheel in the previously destroyed amusement park, which then collapses and causes Meowth to reawaken.	
Meowth	pokemon	210	 Tentacruel replies that if their homes are attacked again they will not stop the destruction, then tosses Meowth into a Ferris Wheel in the previously destroyed amusement park, which then collapses and causes Meowth to reawaken.	
Horsea	pokemon	23	Misty spots an injured Horsea in the water as she, Ash, and Brock wait for the next boat to the mainland.	
Horsea	pokemon	5	 The Horsea seems to be communicating a warning, painting an image with its ink, but Misty doesn't understand it and tries to catch it.	
Horsea	pokemon	24	 Before she catches the Horsea, however, there's an explosion and a boat is destroyed.	
Horsea	pokemon	5	 The Horsea that Misty saw earlier pleads with the Tentacruel to stop, but is swatted away by a tentacle.	
Horsea	pokemon	85	 Nastina attempts once again to destroy the Tentacruel, but has her face blotched by Horsea's ink before being whacked into the air by the Tentacruel's tentacle.	
Horsea	pokemon	5	 The Horsea decides to be a new member of Misty's team and so, Misty catches it.	
Horsea	pokemon	84	 While the adventure doesn't diminish Misty's love of Tentacool, she declares that "Horsea's the cutest Pokémon of all!	
Staryu	pokemon	51	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Brock	person	60	Misty spots an injured Horsea in the water as she, Ash, and Brock wait for the next boat to the mainland.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock grabs a nearby boat and heads out to assist in the rescue effort.	
Brock	person	87	 She wants the Pokémon exterminated and offers a million dollar reward, which Ash and Brock are eager to accept.	
Brock	person	57	 She then explains her love of Water Pokémon to Ash and Brock, who don't quite understand her.	
Brock	person	16	 Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.	
Brock	person	15	Ash, Misty and Brock finally board a boat to the mainland.	
Misty	person	85	 The Horsea seems to be communicating a warning, painting an image with its ink, but Misty doesn't understand it and tries to catch it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty angrily rejects Nastina's offer.	
Misty	person	17	 The Horsea that Misty saw earlier pleads with the Tentacruel to stop, but is swatted away by a tentacle.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.	
Misty	person	99	The Tentacruel doesn't understand why the Pokémon would fight on the side of the humans, but then Misty stops it in its tracks.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty and Brock finally board a boat to the mainland.	
Misty	person	42	 The Horsea decides to be a new member of Misty's team and so, Misty catches it.	
Misty	person	63	 The Horsea decides to be a new member of Misty's team and so, Misty catches it.	
Misty	person	38	 While the adventure doesn't diminish Misty's love of Tentacool, she declares that "Horsea's the cutest Pokémon of all!	
Water	type	29	 Misty immediately sends her Water-type Pokémon - Staryu, Starmie, and Goldeen - to rescue the sailors that have been flung into the ocean.	
Water	type	31	 She then explains her love of Water Pokémon to Ash and Brock, who don't quite understand her.	
Ash	person	51	Misty spots an injured Horsea in the water as she, Ash, and Brock wait for the next boat to the mainland.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash and his friends meet Nastina, who is the spitting image of Brutella from the previous episode.	
Ash	person	79	 She wants the Pokémon exterminated and offers a million dollar reward, which Ash and Brock are eager to accept.	
Ash	person	49	 She then explains her love of Water Pokémon to Ash and Brock, who don't quite understand her.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty and Brock thus send out their Pokémon to stop the Tentacruel.	
Ash	person	138	 As Brutella from the previous episode rebuilds her restaurant, Nastina crash-lands into her, re-destroying the restaurant in the process.Ash, Misty and Brock finally board a boat to the mainland.	
Ash	person	11	" and does Ash's victory pose, which annoys him.	
