Summer Festival	event	90	 After docking, they find out that they have just arrived there at the time of the annual Summer Festival.	
Pokémon Center	building	37	 When it is about time for the local Pokémon Center to lock the doors for the night, Brock still has not returned from the cliff, unlike they had planned.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Ash's Pikachu shocks James and Brock, and the two of them finally revert to their normal selves.	
Maiden's Peak	settlement	120	In the beginning of the episode, Ash and his friends are traveling by a ferry from the holiday resort of Porta Vista to Maiden's Peak.	
Maiden's Peak	settlement	49	As usual, Team Rocket follows Ash and company to Maiden's Peak.	
Maiden's Peak	settlement	115	 They all head inside, and the old lady states that all young men have fallen into the curse while passing through Maiden's Peak.	
Officer Jenny	person	9	 Then an Officer Jenny appears and takes away the coin James found.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	108	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Team Rocket	group	10	As usual, Team Rocket follows Ash and company to Maiden's Peak.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket puts their plan into action, though they do not seem to find anything.	
Team Rocket	group	83	 When she suggests that they go down to the station with her to fill out a report, Team Rocket stammers that it is all right, they do not need to go down to the station, and then they flee the scene.	
Team Rocket	group	21	Both Ash's group and Team Rocket head for the Shrine of the Maiden.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 Jessie performs the Team Rocket motto all alone, but then they hear James saying his lines.	
Porta Vista	region	105	In the beginning of the episode, Ash and his friends are traveling by a ferry from the holiday resort of Porta Vista to Maiden's Peak.	
Poison Gas	move	47	 James commands his Koffing to attack with the Poison Gas attack, but the mongoose stomps it down.	
Charmander	pokemon	59	Ash decides that it is his turn to try again and calls out Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	57	 Gastly summons a fire extinguisher, and Ash has to call Charmander back, mainly because Charmander was too busy running from the water to battle.	
Charmander	pokemon	89	 Gastly summons a fire extinguisher, and Ash has to call Charmander back, mainly because Charmander was too busy running from the water to battle.	
Nurse Joy	person	39	 Ash decides to go look for Brock, but Nurse Joy holds him back, giving Ash a short lecture on the importance of sleep.	
Blastoise	pokemon	84	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	37	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Venusaur	pokemon	69	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Squirtle	pokemon	24	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is the only one that seems to notice that the girl is actually a Gastly, but Ash and Misty don't seem to notice her at all.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 Ash's Pikachu shocks James and Brock, and the two of them finally revert to their normal selves.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to start the battle, but Gastly summons a living mouse trap to scare Pikachu off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	91	 Ash commands Pikachu to start the battle, but Gastly summons a living mouse trap to scare Pikachu off.	
Koffing	pokemon	20	 James commands his Koffing to attack with the Poison Gas attack, but the mongoose stomps it down.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 When it is about time for the local Pokémon Center to lock the doors for the night, Brock still has not returned from the cliff, unlike they had planned.	
Pokémon	pokemon	114	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Pokédex	item	37	 Ash tries to identify them with his Pokédex, but with no results.	
Pokédex	item	14	 However, the Pokédex is still searching for one and when Ash points the Pokédex at the ghost of the maiden, it identifies her as a Gastly, who is impersonating the old lady as well.	
Pokédex	item	74	 However, the Pokédex is still searching for one and when Ash points the Pokédex at the ghost of the maiden, it identifies her as a Gastly, who is impersonating the old lady as well.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie slaps James to regain his attention.	
Jessie	person	52	In the middle of the night, Meowth tries to wake up Jessie and James so they can try to steal the painting, but the two are not very eager to wake up.	
Jessie	person	77	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
Jessie	person	9	 Ash and Jessie then meet face-to-face and notice that they both are looking for a missing person.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie performs the Team Rocket motto all alone, but then they hear James saying his lines.	
Jessie	person	35	After being shot with a bazooka by Jessie, the ghost of the maiden summons several skull-like ghostly apparitions.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie then sends out Ekans, only for it to be scared off by Gastly's newly summoned mongoose.	
Meowth	pokemon	74	 The two groups go to take a closer look at the aforementioned cliff, and Meowth formulates a plan to steal the painting with the intention of selling it for a lot of money.	
Meowth	pokemon	28	In the middle of the night, Meowth tries to wake up Jessie and James so they can try to steal the painting, but the two are not very eager to wake up.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 The ghost of the maiden floats out from the inside, causes Meowth to fall asleep and then wakes up James.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth states that mouse traps do not work on him, but Gastly summons a ball for him to play with, distracting him.	
Gastly	pokemon	74	 Pikachu is the only one that seems to notice that the girl is actually a Gastly, but Ash and Misty don't seem to notice her at all.	
Gastly	pokemon	134	 However, the Pokédex is still searching for one and when Ash points the Pokédex at the ghost of the maiden, it identifies her as a Gastly, who is impersonating the old lady as well.	
Gastly	pokemon	7	 Since Gastly's disguise has been revealed, it transforms back to its normal form.	
Gastly	pokemon	47	 Ash commands Pikachu to start the battle, but Gastly summons a living mouse trap to scare Pikachu off.	
Gastly	pokemon	56	 Meowth states that mouse traps do not work on him, but Gastly summons a ball for him to play with, distracting him.	
Gastly	pokemon	62	 Jessie then sends out Ekans, only for it to be scared off by Gastly's newly summoned mongoose.	
Gastly	pokemon	1	 Gastly summons a fire extinguisher, and Ash has to call Charmander back, mainly because Charmander was too busy running from the water to battle.	
Gastly	pokemon	52	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Gastly	pokemon	34	 After repeatedly being beaten by Gastly, Misty tries another strategy.	
Gastly	pokemon	60	 She uses a cross, garlic, a stake, and a hammer, comparing Gastly to a vampire.	
Gastly	pokemon	52	 However, the sun starts to rise once again, and as Gastly hates sunlight, it disappears, saying that the ghost of the maiden and the old woman will return come next year's festival.	
Gastly	pokemon	89	 As the episode ends, the true ghost of the maiden emerges from her stone self, thanking Gastly for keeping her legend alive in the town.	
Brock	person	38	 When they decide to go and enjoy it, Brock sees a beautiful girl up on the distant cliff.	
Brock	person	110	 They come up with an idea to look around for dropped coins, and while pondering it, James sees the same girl Brock saw before, only by the water.	
Brock	person	38	 During the festival, Ash, Misty, and Brock meet an old lady.	
Brock	person	11	 She warns Brock that he should beware a young, beautiful girl who will lead him to a cruel fate.	
Brock	person	155	 After the old lady calls Misty a "scrawny blabbermouth", Misty decides that they should be somewhere else instead of being insulted and drags off Ash and Brock with her.	
Brock	person	19	 As in the case of Brock, she mentions the young girl to James.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and James both realize that the girl in the painting is the same girl they saw before, and both attempt to approach the painting but are blocked by the man presenting the painting to the audience.	
Brock	person	17	 As night falls, Brock is still at the cliff.	
Brock	person	90	 Misty tries to make him forget the stone so they can go back and enjoy the festival, but Brock insists on staying a little bit longer, so Ash and Misty leave him sitting there.	
Brock	person	86	 When it is about time for the local Pokémon Center to lock the doors for the night, Brock still has not returned from the cliff, unlike they had planned.	
Brock	person	28	 Ash decides to go look for Brock, but Nurse Joy holds him back, giving Ash a short lecture on the importance of sleep.	
Brock	person	27	 She also shows herself to Brock, telling him that she's been waiting for him.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock replies that he has been waiting, too.	
Brock	person	33	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
Brock	person	53	 James is thrown from inside the shrine, followed by Brock.	
Brock	person	27	 As they all try to return Brock and James normal, the old lady appears again, reminding them of her warning about the ghost of the maiden.	
Brock	person	32	 Ash's Pikachu shocks James and Brock, and the two of them finally revert to their normal selves.	
Brock	person	31	 Ash and others try to prevent Brock and James from being pulled out by the maiden.	
James	person	85	 They come up with an idea to look around for dropped coins, and while pondering it, James sees the same girl Brock saw before, only by the water.	
James	person	14	 Jessie slaps James to regain his attention.	
James	person	38	 As they leave to look for the coins, James takes a final look at the dock, noticing the disappearance of the girl.	
James	person	7	 Then, James notices a penny lying on the walkway, but as he approaches it he is interrupted by the old lady, which Ash and company met just a moment ago.	
James	person	57	 As in the case of Brock, she mentions the young girl to James.	
James	person	55	 Then an Officer Jenny appears and takes away the coin James found.	
James	person	11	 Brock and James both realize that the girl in the painting is the same girl they saw before, and both attempt to approach the painting but are blocked by the man presenting the painting to the audience.	
James	person	63	In the middle of the night, Meowth tries to wake up Jessie and James so they can try to steal the painting, but the two are not very eager to wake up.	
James	person	100	 The ghost of the maiden floats out from the inside, causes Meowth to fall asleep and then wakes up James.	
James	person	102	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
James	person	69	 Jessie performs the Team Rocket motto all alone, but then they hear James saying his lines.	
James	person	1	 James is thrown from inside the shrine, followed by Brock.	
James	person	37	 As they all try to return Brock and James normal, the old lady appears again, reminding them of her warning about the ghost of the maiden.	
James	person	22	 Ash's Pikachu shocks James and Brock, and the two of them finally revert to their normal selves.	
James	person	41	 Ash and others try to prevent Brock and James from being pulled out by the maiden.	
James	person	1	 James commands his Koffing to attack with the Poison Gas attack, but the mongoose stomps it down.	
Porta	region	105	In the beginning of the episode, Ash and his friends are traveling by a ferry from the holiday resort of Porta Vista to Maiden's Peak.	
Misty	person	94	 Pikachu is the only one that seems to notice that the girl is actually a Gastly, but Ash and Misty don't seem to notice her at all.	
Misty	person	27	 During the festival, Ash, Misty, and Brock meet an old lady.	
Misty	person	26	 After the old lady calls Misty a "scrawny blabbermouth", Misty decides that they should be somewhere else instead of being insulted and drags off Ash and Brock with her.	
Misty	person	58	 After the old lady calls Misty a "scrawny blabbermouth", Misty decides that they should be somewhere else instead of being insulted and drags off Ash and Brock with her.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to make him forget the stone so they can go back and enjoy the festival, but Brock insists on staying a little bit longer, so Ash and Misty leave him sitting there.	
Misty	person	147	 Misty tries to make him forget the stone so they can go back and enjoy the festival, but Brock insists on staying a little bit longer, so Ash and Misty leave him sitting there.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
Misty	person	42	 After repeatedly being beaten by Gastly, Misty tries another strategy.	
Ekans	pokemon	23	 Jessie then sends out Ekans, only for it to be scared off by Gastly's newly summoned mongoose.	
Ash	person	33	In the beginning of the episode, Ash and his friends are traveling by a ferry from the holiday resort of Porta Vista to Maiden's Peak.	
Ash	person	86	 Pikachu is the only one that seems to notice that the girl is actually a Gastly, but Ash and Misty don't seem to notice her at all.	
Ash	person	30	As usual, Team Rocket follows Ash and company to Maiden's Peak.	
Ash	person	22	 During the festival, Ash, Misty, and Brock meet an old lady.	
Ash	person	147	 After the old lady calls Misty a "scrawny blabbermouth", Misty decides that they should be somewhere else instead of being insulted and drags off Ash and Brock with her.	
Ash	person	116	 Then, James notices a penny lying on the walkway, but as he approaches it he is interrupted by the old lady, which Ash and company met just a moment ago.	
Ash	person	5	Both Ash's group and Team Rocket head for the Shrine of the Maiden.	
Ash	person	139	 Misty tries to make him forget the stone so they can go back and enjoy the festival, but Brock insists on staying a little bit longer, so Ash and Misty leave him sitting there.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to go look for Brock, but Nurse Joy holds him back, giving Ash a short lecture on the importance of sleep.	
Ash	person	72	 Ash decides to go look for Brock, but Nurse Joy holds him back, giving Ash a short lecture on the importance of sleep.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty start looking for Brock on the next morning, while Meowth and Jessie start looking for James.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Jessie then meet face-to-face and notice that they both are looking for a missing person.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pikachu shocks James and Brock, and the two of them finally revert to their normal selves.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and others try to prevent Brock and James from being pulled out by the maiden.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to identify them with his Pokédex, but with no results.	
Ash	person	59	 However, the Pokédex is still searching for one and when Ash points the Pokédex at the ghost of the maiden, it identifies her as a Gastly, who is impersonating the old lady as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then challenges it to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to start the battle, but Gastly summons a living mouse trap to scare Pikachu off.	
Ash	person	98	 James commands his Koffing to attack with the Poison Gas attack, but the mongoose stomps it down.Ash decides that it is his turn to try again and calls out Charmander.	
Ash	person	41	 Gastly summons a fire extinguisher, and Ash has to call Charmander back, mainly because Charmander was too busy running from the water to battle.	
Ash	person	108	 He then calls out both Squirtle and Bulbasaur, but Gastly summons a Venusaur and a Blastoise, which causes Ash's Pokémon to become too scared to do anything, and just because it thinks it is fun, it combines them into a hybrid called "Venustoise".	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends have fun, and everything is back to normal.	
