Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	1	 Ash's Butterfree flies back to Ash and friends, and after they cheer up the Butterfree he returns to seeking a lifetime mate.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	39	 The pink Butterfree, however, rejects Ash's Butterfree's proposal.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	1	 Ash's Butterfree keeps on trying, but the pink one eventually slaps him across the face with her wing.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	59	 Soon all the Butterfree are captured by Team Rocket, save Ash's Butterfree.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	34	 Team Rocket leaves the scene and Ash's Butterfree rushes after them.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	53	 Team Rocket tries to prevent them from winning, but Ash's Butterfree dashes through them.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	1	 Ash's Butterfree, exhausted from breaking the net, is still inside, the pink Butterfree approaching him, impressed by his determination.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	31	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	33	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	39	 Having witnessed the determination of Ash's Butterfree, the pink Butterfree shows her new love by making her own proposal dance.	
Ash's Butterfree	pokemon	12	 Naturally, Ash's Butterfree joins the dance.	
Misty's Staryu	pokemon	53	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Cascade Badge	item	76	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Saffron City	settlement	14	On the way to Saffron City, Ash, Misty and Brock arrive at a high cliff.	
Saffron City	settlement	75	 Brock informs the others that the ridge of the cliff should lead right to Saffron City.	
ThunderShock	move	70	 Pikachu jumps on the helicopter and destroys the helicopter with his ThunderShock attack, sending Team Rocket down into the darkness.	
Team Rocket	group	73	 After failing to impress the pink Butterfree with Whirlwind and Tackle, Team Rocket arrives in a helicopter.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Ash and friends try to make Team Rocket change their mind, but it fails.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 Soon all the Butterfree are captured by Team Rocket, save Ash's Butterfree.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket leaves the scene and Ash's Butterfree rushes after them.	
Team Rocket	group	48	Ash and friends break in through a window while Team Rocket reviews their catch.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries to prevent them from winning, but Ash's Butterfree dashes through them.	
Team Rocket	group	72	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries desperately to catch the fleeing Butterfree with small nets, though they fail.	
Team Rocket	group	105	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.Team Rocket attempts to steal the Butterfree again by getting back in the air with their helicopter.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Team Rocket	group	99	 Pikachu jumps on the helicopter and destroys the helicopter with his ThunderShock attack, sending Team Rocket down into the darkness.	
Butterfree	pokemon	35	 Then Ash notices a large group of Butterfree in the horizon.	
Butterfree	pokemon	23	 Brock states that the Butterfree are celebrating their season of love to find a mate.	
Butterfree	pokemon	72	The group rents a hot-air balloon and are soon in the air following the Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	15	 Ash sends his Butterfree to find a mate but he struggles to get any interest from the other Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	93	 Ash sends his Butterfree to find a mate but he struggles to get any interest from the other Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	31	 Brock states that none of the Butterfree may be "its type", pointing out the unique differences among all Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	107	 Brock states that none of the Butterfree may be "its type", pointing out the unique differences among all Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	52	 They then notice that other Trainers brought their Butterfree, especially a girl Brock falls in love with.	
Butterfree	pokemon	7	 Ash's Butterfree flies back to Ash and friends, and after they cheer up the Butterfree he returns to seeking a lifetime mate.	
Butterfree	pokemon	77	 Ash's Butterfree flies back to Ash and friends, and after they cheer up the Butterfree he returns to seeking a lifetime mate.	
Butterfree	pokemon	11	 Very soon Butterfree falls in love with a pink Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	48	 Very soon Butterfree falls in love with a pink Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	10	 The pink Butterfree, however, rejects Ash's Butterfree's proposal.	
Butterfree	pokemon	45	 The pink Butterfree, however, rejects Ash's Butterfree's proposal.	
Butterfree	pokemon	7	 Ash's Butterfree keeps on trying, but the pink one eventually slaps him across the face with her wing.	
Butterfree	pokemon	35	 Being shot down, Ash's teary-eyed Butterfree then flies away into a forest.	
Butterfree	pokemon	46	Eventually Ash, Misty, Pikachu and Brock find Butterfree in the forest.	
Butterfree	pokemon	53	 Totally surprised, they discuss how they could help Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	15	 Ash tells his Butterfree to show his strength to win the love of the pink Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	75	 Ash tells his Butterfree to show his strength to win the love of the pink Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	18	 In order to make Butterfree also look better, Brock puts a scarf around his neck.	
Butterfree	pokemon	28	They return to the air with Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	35	 After failing to impress the pink Butterfree with Whirlwind and Tackle, Team Rocket arrives in a helicopter.	
Butterfree	pokemon	54	 They sing their motto as usual and then go after the Butterfree using a net to gather them.	
Butterfree	pokemon	14	 Soon all the Butterfree are captured by Team Rocket, save Ash's Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	65	 Soon all the Butterfree are captured by Team Rocket, save Ash's Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	1	 Butterfree then tries to break into the helicopter by using his Tackle attack on the glass, but it fails.	
Butterfree	pokemon	24	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Butterfree	pokemon	109	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Butterfree	pokemon	40	 Team Rocket leaves the scene and Ash's Butterfree rushes after them.	
Butterfree	pokemon	59	 Team Rocket tries to prevent them from winning, but Ash's Butterfree dashes through them.	
Butterfree	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Butterfree begins to Tackle the net bag holding the other Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	70	 Meanwhile, Butterfree begins to Tackle the net bag holding the other Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	26	 After repeated attempts, Butterfree manages to break open the bag.	
Butterfree	pokemon	31	 Brock opens the doors and the Butterfree fly out of the warehouse.	
Butterfree	pokemon	52	 Team Rocket tries desperately to catch the fleeing Butterfree with small nets, though they fail.	
Butterfree	pokemon	7	 Ash's Butterfree, exhausted from breaking the net, is still inside, the pink Butterfree approaching him, impressed by his determination.	
Butterfree	pokemon	78	 Ash's Butterfree, exhausted from breaking the net, is still inside, the pink Butterfree approaching him, impressed by his determination.	
Butterfree	pokemon	37	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
Butterfree	pokemon	88	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
Butterfree	pokemon	34	Team Rocket attempts to steal the Butterfree again by getting back in the air with their helicopter.	
Butterfree	pokemon	13	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Butterfree	pokemon	39	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Butterfree	pokemon	45	 Having witnessed the determination of Ash's Butterfree, the pink Butterfree shows her new love by making her own proposal dance.	
Butterfree	pokemon	66	 Having witnessed the determination of Ash's Butterfree, the pink Butterfree shows her new love by making her own proposal dance.	
Butterfree	pokemon	18	 Naturally, Ash's Butterfree joins the dance.	
Butterfree	pokemon	67	Back at the cliff, Ash, filled with emotions, bids farewell to the Butterfree couple.	
Butterfree	pokemon	91	 Ash remembers first capturing Caterpie, then him evolving into a Metapod and finally into Butterfree.	
Butterfree	pokemon	25	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Butterfree	pokemon	20	 As Misty tells Ash Butterfree is nearly out of sight, he wishes Butterfree good luck.	
Butterfree	pokemon	65	 As Misty tells Ash Butterfree is nearly out of sight, he wishes Butterfree good luck.	
Stun Spore	move	33	 He also tries to stop them with Stun Spore, but it fails as well.	
Poké Ball	item	36	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	43	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Whirlwind	move	51	 After failing to impress the pink Butterfree with Whirlwind and Tackle, Team Rocket arrives in a helicopter.	
Caterpie	pokemon	31	 Ash remembers first capturing Caterpie, then him evolving into a Metapod and finally into Butterfree.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	Eventually Ash, Misty, Pikachu and Brock find Butterfree in the forest.	
Pikachu	pokemon	94	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu jumps on the helicopter and destroys the helicopter with his ThunderShock attack, sending Team Rocket down into the darkness.	
Metapod	pokemon	66	 Ash remembers first capturing Caterpie, then him evolving into a Metapod and finally into Butterfree.	
Starmie	pokemon	17	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Starmie	pokemon	13	 Jessie hits Starmie with a hammer, but Misty revives it by spraying water on it.	
Pokédex	item	29	 Ash decides to check if the Pokédex could help, but Misty notes that "Dexter's never been in love," so they instead decide to go with a show-off strategy.	
Dexter	item	72	 Ash decides to check if the Pokédex could help, but Misty notes that "Dexter's never been in love," so they instead decide to go with a show-off strategy.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie hits Starmie with a hammer, but Misty revives it by spraying water on it.	
Tackle	move	65	 After failing to impress the pink Butterfree with Whirlwind and Tackle, Team Rocket arrives in a helicopter.	
Tackle	move	65	 Butterfree then tries to break into the helicopter by using his Tackle attack on the glass, but it fails.	
Tackle	move	91	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Tackle	move	33	 Meanwhile, Butterfree begins to Tackle the net bag holding the other Butterfree.	
Staryu	pokemon	61	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Spore	move	38	 He also tries to stop them with Stun Spore, but it fails as well.	
Brock	person	43	On the way to Saffron City, Ash, Misty and Brock arrive at a high cliff.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock informs the others that the ridge of the cliff should lead right to Saffron City.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock states that the Butterfree are celebrating their season of love to find a mate.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock states that none of the Butterfree may be "its type", pointing out the unique differences among all Butterfree.	
Brock	person	82	 They then notice that other Trainers brought their Butterfree, especially a girl Brock falls in love with.	
Brock	person	35	Eventually Ash, Misty, Pikachu and Brock find Butterfree in the forest.	
Brock	person	47	 In order to make Butterfree also look better, Brock puts a scarf around his neck.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock opens the doors and the Butterfree fly out of the warehouse.	
James	person	1	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
James	person	55	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
Misty	person	33	On the way to Saffron City, Ash, Misty and Brock arrive at a high cliff.	
Misty	person	16	Eventually Ash, Misty, Pikachu and Brock find Butterfree in the forest.	
Misty	person	54	 Ash decides to check if the Pokédex could help, but Misty notes that "Dexter's never been in love," so they instead decide to go with a show-off strategy.	
Misty	person	66	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Misty	person	40	 Jessie hits Starmie with a hammer, but Misty revives it by spraying water on it.	
Misty	person	53	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Misty	person	4	 As Misty tells Ash Butterfree is nearly out of sight, he wishes Butterfree good luck.	
Badge	item	84	 He remembers times with Butterfree such as battling Misty's Staryu for the Cascade Badge.	
Poké	item	36	 Misty calls her Starmie out of its Poké Ball and commands it to chase Team Rocket with a Tackle attack.	
Ash	person	28	On the way to Saffron City, Ash, Misty and Brock arrive at a high cliff.	
Ash	person	6	 Then Ash notices a large group of Butterfree in the horizon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends his Butterfree to find a mate but he struggles to get any interest from the other Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Butterfree flies back to Ash and friends, and after they cheer up the Butterfree he returns to seeking a lifetime mate.	
Ash	person	32	 Ash's Butterfree flies back to Ash and friends, and after they cheer up the Butterfree he returns to seeking a lifetime mate.	
Ash	person	39	 The pink Butterfree, however, rejects Ash's Butterfree's proposal.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Butterfree keeps on trying, but the pink one eventually slaps him across the face with her wing.	
Ash	person	18	 Being shot down, Ash's teary-eyed Butterfree then flies away into a forest.	
Ash	person	11	Eventually Ash, Misty, Pikachu and Brock find Butterfree in the forest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to check if the Pokédex could help, but Misty notes that "Dexter's never been in love," so they instead decide to go with a show-off strategy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells his Butterfree to show his strength to win the love of the pink Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends try to make Team Rocket change their mind, but it fails.	
Ash	person	59	 Soon all the Butterfree are captured by Team Rocket, save Ash's Butterfree.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Ash	person	94	 Ash is about to recall Butterfree and use Pidgeotto instead, but Misty prevents this because Ash could hurt Butterfree's feelings.	
Ash	person	34	 Team Rocket leaves the scene and Ash's Butterfree rushes after them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends follow him to a warehouse in the middle of a bare canyon.Ash and friends break in through a window while Team Rocket reviews their catch.	
Ash	person	74	 Ash and friends follow him to a warehouse in the middle of a bare canyon.Ash and friends break in through a window while Team Rocket reviews their catch.	
Ash	person	53	 Team Rocket tries to prevent them from winning, but Ash's Butterfree dashes through them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Butterfree, exhausted from breaking the net, is still inside, the pink Butterfree approaching him, impressed by his determination.	
Ash	person	31	 James tries to catch her, but Ash's Butterfree knocks James away, also making the pink Butterfree blush.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends follow them with their rented balloon and they soon find them.	
Ash	person	33	 As the pink Butterfree watches, Ash's Butterfree flies towards Team Rocket's helicopter with Pikachu on his back.	
Ash	person	39	 Having witnessed the determination of Ash's Butterfree, the pink Butterfree shows her new love by making her own proposal dance.	
Ash	person	12	 Naturally, Ash's Butterfree joins the dance.	
Ash	person	19	Back at the cliff, Ash, filled with emotions, bids farewell to the Butterfree couple.	
Ash	person	45	 As they fly into the sunset, a flashback of Ash's memories is shown.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash remembers first capturing Caterpie, then him evolving into a Metapod and finally into Butterfree.	
Ash	person	16	 As Misty tells Ash Butterfree is nearly out of sight, he wishes Butterfree good luck.	
