Lavender Town	settlement	81	 It convinces the man to tell Ash that Ghost Pokémon can beat Sabrina, found in Lavender Town.	
Lavender Town	settlement	22	 Ash decides to go to Lavender Town as the man reappears nearby and mentions that he may be able to help Sabrina.	
Lavender Town	settlement	33	 Ash and his friends press on to Lavender Town.	
Saffron City	settlement	76	 In the woman's eyes, she sees Ash and his friends making their way towards Saffron City.	
Saffron City	settlement	20	 However, they spot Saffron City in the distance and Ash is excited for his upcoming Gym battle.	
ThunderShock	move	21	 Pikachu fires off a ThunderShock, but Abra wakes up and uses Teleport to dodge and get behind Pikachu.	
Saffron Gym	building	72	When Ash and his friends reappear, they find themselves in front of the Saffron Gym.	
Team Rocket	group	6	 When Team Rocket removes the disguise, Ash freaks out at that they both kissed him.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket recites their motto, but Ash and his friends ignore Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	65	 Team Rocket recites their motto, but Ash and his friends ignore Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	27	 The monitor cuts off, but Team Rocket did not cut the link.	
Marsh Badge	item	64	 Ash ignores the warning and heads inside, intending to win the Marsh Badge.	
Vine Whip	move	112	 The forest gives way to a massive cliff drop-off and Ash plummets, but he calls out Bulbasaur to save him with Vine Whip.	
Confusion	move	9	 It uses Confusion to coalesce the attack and send it back to Pikachu as a dragon, causing serious damage.	
Poké Ball	item	26	 The little girl tosses a Poké Ball, sending out Abra while Ash sends Pikachu.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	85	 The forest gives way to a massive cliff drop-off and Ash plummets, but he calls out Bulbasaur to save him with Vine Whip.	
Teleport	move	62	 Pikachu fires off a ThunderShock, but Abra wakes up and uses Teleport to dodge and get behind Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 When they get there, James grabs Pikachu with rubber gloves and Jessie pushes the three onto a warp tile, sending them to an isolated room with no exit.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 They show Pikachu bound up and Ash orders them to give Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 They show Pikachu bound up and Ash orders them to give Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 The girl takes Pikachu and teleports into the same room with Ash, giving Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	74	 The girl takes Pikachu and teleports into the same room with Ash, giving Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 The little girl tosses a Poké Ball, sending out Abra while Ash sends Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu acts aggressive but notices Abra is sleeping.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu bounces around Abra, but it is sound asleep.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu fires off a ThunderShock, but Abra wakes up and uses Teleport to dodge and get behind Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	95	 Pikachu fires off a ThunderShock, but Abra wakes up and uses Teleport to dodge and get behind Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to fill the stadium with lightning to negate Kadabra's teleportation.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu launches several bolts of electricity into the ceiling, pooling it into a massive blast and sending it down towards Kadabra.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 It uses Confusion to coalesce the attack and send it back to Pikachu as a dragon, causing serious damage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 It uses Psychic to control Pikachu's body, forcing him to get up and dance.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Kadabra suddenly sends Pikachu up towards the ceiling and back down, repeating the attack several times before Ash decides to forfeit the match.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 He turns away, but Pikachu points to the mirror, noticing that the figure is really a doll.	
Sabrina	person	55	 A man confronts them and Ash asks for a match against Sabrina.	
Sabrina	person	74	 The man leads them to the arena and bows down in front of a gate, asking Sabrina to come out.	
Sabrina	person	38	 Ash asks for his official match from Sabrina and the little girl agrees.	
Sabrina	person	73	 The gate opens as the little girl is revealed to be sitting on the real Sabrina's lap.	
Sabrina	person	34	 The doors close, sealing them in.Sabrina and the little girl move over telekinetically as the arena lights up.	
Sabrina	person	65	 The place rumbles as the house roof comes away, showing a giant Sabrina and the little girl towering above them.	
Sabrina	person	85	Ash and company reappear in Saffron as the man orders them to leave, mentioning that Sabrina is very dangerous.	
Sabrina	person	102	 Ash is not willing to leave without the Badge and thinks that he just needs to attack faster to beat Sabrina.	
Sabrina	person	63	 It convinces the man to tell Ash that Ghost Pokémon can beat Sabrina, found in Lavender Town.	
Sabrina	person	105	 Ash decides to go to Lavender Town as the man reappears nearby and mentions that he may be able to help Sabrina.	
Psychic	move	9	 It uses Psychic to control Pikachu's body, forcing him to get up and dance.	
Kadabra	pokemon	28	 Abra suddenly evolves into Kadabra.	
Kadabra	pokemon	65	 Ash orders Pikachu to fill the stadium with lightning to negate Kadabra's teleportation.	
Kadabra	pokemon	125	 Pikachu launches several bolts of electricity into the ceiling, pooling it into a massive blast and sending it down towards Kadabra.	
Kadabra	pokemon	1	 Kadabra suddenly sends Pikachu up towards the ceiling and back down, repeating the attack several times before Ash decides to forfeit the match.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon pulls him up to safety as they notice that the girl has disappeared.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 He thinks that it is unfair due to it being a one on one match, but evolving during the match does not count as using two Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	 It convinces the man to tell Ash that Ghost Pokémon can beat Sabrina, found in Lavender Town.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it says that Abra sleeps eighteen hours a day but can employ telekinesis while asleep.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex again.	
Jessie	person	24	As they enter the city, Jessie and James, disguised as Hawaiian women, kiss Ash and put leis on him.	
Jessie	person	65	 When they get there, James grabs Pikachu with rubber gloves and Jessie pushes the three onto a warp tile, sending them to an isolated room with no exit.	
Jessie	person	4	 As Jessie and James work to fix it, Meowth points to the little girl that got inside, the same one Ash saw earlier.	
Jessie	person	33	 She emits a blue aura, freezing Jessie and James, unable to move.	
Jessie	person	25	 Meanwhile, Meowth drags Jessie and James, still frozen, as they follow.	
Meowth	pokemon	37	 As Jessie and James work to fix it, Meowth points to the little girl that got inside, the same one Ash saw earlier.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth drags Jessie and James, still frozen, as they follow.	
Ghost	type	39	 It convinces the man to tell Ash that Ghost Pokémon can beat Sabrina, found in Lavender Town.	
Brock	person	22	 Ash checks around as Brock samples the cake.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock realize that they are in a dollhouse.	
James	person	35	As they enter the city, Jessie and James, disguised as Hawaiian women, kiss Ash and put leis on him.	
James	person	22	 When they get there, James grabs Pikachu with rubber gloves and Jessie pushes the three onto a warp tile, sending them to an isolated room with no exit.	
James	person	15	 As Jessie and James work to fix it, Meowth points to the little girl that got inside, the same one Ash saw earlier.	
James	person	44	 She emits a blue aura, freezing Jessie and James, unable to move.	
James	person	36	 Meanwhile, Meowth drags Jessie and James, still frozen, as they follow.	
Misty	person	62	 However, Ash and his friends appear lost and Ash blows up on Misty for her lack of directions, starting a full-scale argument among the group.	
Misty	person	6	 When Misty asks what the people in the room were doing, he demonstrates by holding up a spoon and bending it a little by telekinesis.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock realize that they are in a dollhouse.	
Misty	person	115	 The man's eyes glow red as he employs telekinesis on Ash, dropping his pants and forcing him to dance which makes Misty cover her eyes.	
Badge	item	70	 Ash ignores the warning and heads inside, intending to win the Marsh Badge.	
Badge	item	41	 Ash is not willing to leave without the Badge and thinks that he just needs to attack faster to beat Sabrina.	
Poké	item	26	 The little girl tosses a Poké Ball, sending out Abra while Ash sends Pikachu.	
Abra	pokemon	50	 The little girl tosses a Poké Ball, sending out Abra while Ash sends Pikachu.	
Abra	pokemon	37	 Pikachu acts aggressive but notices Abra is sleeping.	
Abra	pokemon	24	 Pikachu bounces around Abra, but it is sound asleep.	
Abra	pokemon	42	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it says that Abra sleeps eighteen hours a day but can employ telekinesis while asleep.	
Abra	pokemon	39	 Pikachu fires off a ThunderShock, but Abra wakes up and uses Teleport to dodge and get behind Pikachu.	
Abra	pokemon	1	 Abra suddenly evolves into Kadabra.	
Gym	building	85	 However, they spot Saffron City in the distance and Ash is excited for his upcoming Gym battle.	
Gym	building	80	When Ash and his friends reappear, they find themselves in front of the Saffron Gym.	
Gym	building	91	 A man runs up behind them and informs them where they are, suggesting that they avoid the Gym and runs off.	
Ash	person	31	 In the woman's eyes, she sees Ash and his friends making their way towards Saffron City.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash and his friends appear lost and Ash blows up on Misty for her lack of directions, starting a full-scale argument among the group.	
Ash	person	46	 However, Ash and his friends appear lost and Ash blows up on Misty for her lack of directions, starting a full-scale argument among the group.	
Ash	person	17	 She runs off as Ash follows.	
Ash	person	54	 The forest gives way to a massive cliff drop-off and Ash plummets, but he calls out Bulbasaur to save him with Vine Whip.	
Ash	person	53	 However, they spot Saffron City in the distance and Ash is excited for his upcoming Gym battle.	
Ash	person	76	As they enter the city, Jessie and James, disguised as Hawaiian women, kiss Ash and put leis on him.	
Ash	person	15	 They say that Ash and his friends are the one-millionth, one millionth and first, one millionth and second, and one millionth and third visitors to the city and they take them to a skyscraper for a prize.	
Ash	person	40	 When Team Rocket removes the disguise, Ash freaks out at that they both kissed him.	
Ash	person	38	 Team Rocket recites their motto, but Ash and his friends ignore Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	32	 They show Pikachu bound up and Ash orders them to give Pikachu back.	
Ash	person	100	 As Jessie and James work to fix it, Meowth points to the little girl that got inside, the same one Ash saw earlier.	
Ash	person	62	 The girl takes Pikachu and teleports into the same room with Ash, giving Pikachu back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thanks her, but the girl glows again and points to Ash and his friends, teleporting them.	
Ash	person	56	 Ash thanks her, but the girl glows again and points to Ash and his friends, teleporting them.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash and his friends reappear, they find themselves in front of the Saffron Gym.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash ignores the warning and heads inside, intending to win the Marsh Badge.	
Ash	person	26	 A man confronts them and Ash asks for a match against Sabrina.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash shows off by bending the spoon completely by force, prompting the others to turn away embarrassed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks for his official match from Sabrina and the little girl agrees.	
Ash	person	15	 She agrees if Ash and his friends play with her if he loses.	
Ash	person	61	 The little girl tosses a Poké Ball, sending out Abra while Ash sends Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it says that Abra sleeps eighteen hours a day but can employ telekinesis while asleep.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex again.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to fill the stadium with lightning to negate Kadabra's teleportation.	
Ash	person	112	 Kadabra suddenly sends Pikachu up towards the ceiling and back down, repeating the attack several times before Ash decides to forfeit the match.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks around as Brock samples the cake.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash enters the bathroom and sees a woman in the bathtub.	
Ash	person	42	 The little girl laughs uncontrollably as Ash and his friends run into a picture frame, showing the little girl and her parents.	
Ash	person	90	 With nowhere to run, the little girl approaches, dribbling a ball and rolling it towards Ash and company.	
Ash	person	78	 The man they ran into earlier appears and uses teleportation to get them out.Ash and company reappear in Saffron as the man orders them to leave, mentioning that Sabrina is very dangerous.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is not willing to leave without the Badge and thinks that he just needs to attack faster to beat Sabrina.	
Ash	person	54	 The man's eyes glow red as he employs telekinesis on Ash, dropping his pants and forcing him to dance which makes Misty cover her eyes.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls up his pants unabashed and charges forward and asks to be taught telekinesis, but the man pushes him back, mentioning that a person must be born with it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is still determined and steps forward as the man forces him to the ground.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash gets back up as the man continues to use telekinesis to push Ash to the ground.	
Ash	person	66	 Ash gets back up as the man continues to use telekinesis to push Ash to the ground.	
Ash	person	30	 It convinces the man to tell Ash that Ghost Pokémon can beat Sabrina, found in Lavender Town.	
Ash	person	44	 The man teleports away as his friends help Ash up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to go to Lavender Town as the man reappears nearby and mentions that he may be able to help Sabrina.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends press on to Lavender Town.	
