Pokémon Tower	building	51	The group arrives in Lavender Town and reaches the Pokémon Tower by dark.	
Lavender Town	settlement	77	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Lavender Town	settlement	21	The group arrives in Lavender Town and reaches the Pokémon Tower by dark.	
Flamethrower	move	51	 Ash sends out Charmander to light the room with a Flamethrower, but it exhausts the Pokémon.	
Flamethrower	move	42	 Brock finds a candle and Charmander uses Flamethrower to light the candle, but it unintentionally torches Brock.	
Flamethrower	move	17	 Charmander uses Flamethrower to burn Team Rocket, creating a fire.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket watches them from one of the windows inside the tower.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket gets back up, but Gastly scares them again, knocking them out.	
Team Rocket	group	39	 They go back inside and face the hole Team Rocket created earlier.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 Pikachu attacks with an electric attack, hitting Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	38	 Charmander uses Flamethrower to burn Team Rocket, creating a fire.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Meanwhile, the Ghost Pokémon tie Team Rocket onto the carousel and send them spinning.	
Ghost-type	type	110	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Charmander	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Charmander to light the room with a Flamethrower, but it exhausts the Pokémon.	
Charmander	pokemon	26	 Brock finds a candle and Charmander uses Flamethrower to light the candle, but it unintentionally torches Brock.	
Charmander	pokemon	55	 Brock gets thrown around in a chair while Pikachu and Charmander get thrown around on platters.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander uses Flamethrower to burn Team Rocket, creating a fire.	
Charmander	pokemon	32	 There is no data, so Ash sends Charmander, but the Pokémon disappears.	
Charmander	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Charmander to use Leer.	
Charmander	pokemon	38	 They both pull off fierce looks, but Charmander suddenly makes a funny face, making Haunter laugh.	
Charmander	pokemon	18	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.	
Charmander	pokemon	81	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.	
Charmander	pokemon	12	Ash recalls Charmander, Haunter still laughing.	
Poké Ball	item	14	 Ash throws a Poké Ball, but it hits Jessie in the face.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Brock reaches towards Ash's hand, but mistakenly grabs Pikachu's tail, resulting in Pikachu shocking Brock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 Brock reaches towards Ash's hand, but mistakenly grabs Pikachu's tail, resulting in Pikachu shocking Brock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	83	 He wants to help them get over their fear, but it makes everyone angry, including Pikachu, who shocks him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 Ash still wants to go in, but Pikachu does not, wanting to sleep.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Brock gets thrown around in a chair while Pikachu and Charmander get thrown around on platters.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 Ash tries to convince them as Pikachu remembers losing to Kadabra.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attacks with an electric attack, hitting Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Haunter gets behind Ash as Pikachu spots it and freaks out, but Ash misses it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 He thinks it's Pikachu, but he sees the hand and spooks out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu jump after them to stop them, but they miss, Ash crashing into the floor.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu lights the chandelier with electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	161	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 The Ghost Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to the top of the tower.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	The Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to a room holding several toys.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Meanwhile, Misty and Brock find Ash and Pikachu's bodies, pulling them out from under the chandelier and trying to wake them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu return to their bodies and wake up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 He wants to use humor, as Pikachu points out.	
Sabrina	person	145	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Kadabra	pokemon	59	 Ash tries to convince them as Pikachu remembers losing to Kadabra.	
Pokémon	pokemon	121	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	The group arrives in Lavender Town and reaches the Pokémon Tower by dark.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 Ash sends out Charmander to light the room with a Flamethrower, but it exhausts the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 Ash and Misty run out of the room as Brock and the Pokémon jump off and run out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	 The tableware and chairs reset as the Ghost Pokémon show up, laughing at the mischief.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Ash still wants to go in, but his Pokémon are not as willing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	 Ash and his Pokémon are willing to take another shot, but Misty and Brock still want to stay behind.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Ash checks his Pokédex about Ghost Pokémon as they approach the hole.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 They hear commotion and think the Pokémon are down there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 There is no data, so Ash sends Charmander, but the Pokémon disappears.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon are clearly upset as they sink into the floor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The Ghost Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to the top of the tower.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	4	The Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to a room holding several toys.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The Ghost Pokémon were not trying to scare people, as they just wanted new playmates.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	They leave the tower the next day, Ash deciding not to catch the Ghost Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	 Meanwhile, the Ghost Pokémon tie Team Rocket onto the carousel and send them spinning.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex about Ghost Pokémon as they approach the hole.	
Pokédex	item	65	 Haunter appears in front of Ash and spooks him as he checks his Pokédex.	
Pokédex	item	44	 Both ghosts are laughing as Ash checks his Pokédex, but there is still no information.	
Haunter	pokemon	36	 In another portion of the tower, a Haunter and Gengar are watching TV, laughing at the comedy show broadcast.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter gets behind Ash as Pikachu spots it and freaks out, but Ash misses it.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter appears in front of Ash and spooks him as he checks his Pokédex.	
Haunter	pokemon	85	 They both pull off fierce looks, but Charmander suddenly makes a funny face, making Haunter laugh.	
Haunter	pokemon	53	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.	
Haunter	pokemon	24	Ash recalls Charmander, Haunter still laughing.	
Haunter	pokemon	15	 Gengar smacks Haunter with the fan and laughs, but Ash does not find it funny.	
Haunter	pokemon	104	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter gets in front of Ash as he goes through Haunter's mouth.	
Haunter	pokemon	49	 Haunter gets in front of Ash as he goes through Haunter's mouth.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter is behind them and scares Misty and Brock away.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter decides to join Ash.	
Gengar	pokemon	48	 In another portion of the tower, a Haunter and Gengar are watching TV, laughing at the comedy show broadcast.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar materializes through the floor right in front of Ash before smacking him with a fan.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar smacks Haunter with the fan and laughs, but Ash does not find it funny.	
Gengar	pokemon	84	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
Jessie	person	47	 Meowth points to it, but it disappears before Jessie sees it.	
Jessie	person	18	 Gastly goes over Jessie's face, mimicking Jessie's speech, and Meowth attacks, scratching Jessie.	
Jessie	person	43	 Gastly goes over Jessie's face, mimicking Jessie's speech, and Meowth attacks, scratching Jessie.	
Jessie	person	91	 Gastly goes over Jessie's face, mimicking Jessie's speech, and Meowth attacks, scratching Jessie.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie angrily uses a pan to knock Meowth around and down into the hole with James.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie looks at herself in a mirror and sees Gastly, scaring her enough to send her falling down the hole with the others.	
Jessie	person	38	 Ash throws a Poké Ball, but it hits Jessie in the face.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie gets angry as her hair catches fire.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	48	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	120	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth points to it, but it disappears before Jessie sees it.	
Meowth	pokemon	64	 Gastly goes over Jessie's face, mimicking Jessie's speech, and Meowth attacks, scratching Jessie.	
Meowth	pokemon	36	 Jessie angrily uses a pan to knock Meowth around and down into the hole with James.	
Gastly	pokemon	90	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
Gastly	pokemon	1	 Gastly goes over Jessie's face, mimicking Jessie's speech, and Meowth attacks, scratching Jessie.	
Gastly	pokemon	46	 Jessie looks at herself in a mirror and sees Gastly, scaring her enough to send her falling down the hole with the others.	
Gastly	pokemon	31	 Team Rocket gets back up, but Gastly scares them again, knocking them out.	
Gastly	pokemon	1	 Gastly comes into the room and they all laugh.	
Ghost	type	110	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Ghost	type	39	 The tableware and chairs reset as the Ghost Pokémon show up, laughing at the mischief.	
Ghost	type	31	 Ash checks his Pokédex about Ghost Pokémon as they approach the hole.	
Ghost	type	5	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Ghost	type	5	 The Ghost Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to the top of the tower.	
Ghost	type	92	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Ghost	type	5	 The Ghost Pokémon were not trying to scare people, as they just wanted new playmates.	
Ghost	type	81	 Ash has to turn down the playtime in order to continue his quest, upsetting the Ghost.	
Ghost	type	65	They leave the tower the next day, Ash deciding not to catch the Ghost Pokémon.	
Ghost	type	16	 Meanwhile, the Ghost Pokémon tie Team Rocket onto the carousel and send them spinning.	
Brock	person	45	 As they are hiking, the fog intensifies and Brock suggests that everyone should hold hands.	
Brock	person	27	 Ash and Misty link up but Brock cannot find them.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock reaches towards Ash's hand, but mistakenly grabs Pikachu's tail, resulting in Pikachu shocking Brock.	
Brock	person	102	 Brock reaches towards Ash's hand, but mistakenly grabs Pikachu's tail, resulting in Pikachu shocking Brock.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock want to let Ash go in alone, scared off by the tower.	
Brock	person	60	Outside, Ash and his friends decide to go in, but Misty and Brock push Ash forward first.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock finds a candle and Charmander uses Flamethrower to light the candle, but it unintentionally torches Brock.	
Brock	person	107	 Brock finds a candle and Charmander uses Flamethrower to light the candle, but it unintentionally torches Brock.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock gets thrown around in a chair while Pikachu and Charmander get thrown around on platters.	
Brock	person	38	 Ash and Misty run out of the room as Brock and the Pokémon jump off and run out.	
Brock	person	55	Outside, everyone is exhausted from running, Misty and Brock fully convinced not to go back in.	
Brock	person	70	 Ash and his Pokémon are willing to take another shot, but Misty and Brock still want to stay behind.	
Brock	person	53	 Outside, they admire the view as Ash sees Misty and Brock waiting.	
Brock	person	51	 Ash pulls Misty into the air before dropping her, Brock catching her.	
Brock	person	40	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Brock	person	22	 Meanwhile, Misty and Brock find Ash and Pikachu's bodies, pulling them out from under the chandelier and trying to wake them.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock are relieved that they are okay, with Misty on the verge of crying.	
Brock	person	45	 Haunter is behind them and scares Misty and Brock away.	
James	person	1	 James runs off, but he falls through a hole in the floor.	
James	person	37	 Jessie and Meowth look down and see James, but Meowth notices a closet opening nearby, a Gastly coming out and scaring Meowth.	
James	person	78	 Jessie angrily uses a pan to knock Meowth around and down into the hole with James.	
Licks	move	96	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty link up but Brock cannot find them.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock want to let Ash go in alone, scared off by the tower.	
Misty	person	68	 Ash gets his sleeping bag and wants to hold until the morning, but Misty wakes them up by smacking a gong.	
Misty	person	50	Outside, Ash and his friends decide to go in, but Misty and Brock push Ash forward first.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty run out of the room as Brock and the Pokémon jump off and run out.	
Misty	person	45	Outside, everyone is exhausted from running, Misty and Brock fully convinced not to go back in.	
Misty	person	60	 Ash and his Pokémon are willing to take another shot, but Misty and Brock still want to stay behind.	
Misty	person	43	 Outside, they admire the view as Ash sees Misty and Brock waiting.	
Misty	person	39	 Ash listens in on the conversation as Misty mentions that he is taking too long, wanting to go in and check on him.	
Misty	person	15	 Ash speaks as Misty looks behind her, hearing Ash's voice.	
Misty	person	11	 Ash pulls Misty into the air before dropping her, Brock catching her.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Misty	person	12	 Meanwhile, Misty and Brock find Ash and Pikachu's bodies, pulling them out from under the chandelier and trying to wake them.	
Misty	person	31	 Both are clearly worried, but Misty voices more concern for Ash.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock are relieved that they are okay, with Misty on the verge of crying.	
Misty	person	55	 Misty and Brock are relieved that they are okay, with Misty on the verge of crying.	
Misty	person	35	 Haunter is behind them and scares Misty and Brock away.	
Leer	move	29	 Ash sends Charmander to use Leer.	
Poké	item	14	 Ash throws a Poké Ball, but it hits Jessie in the face.	
Ash	person	42	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Ash	person	94	After the events of the previous episode, Ash and his friends are heading to Lavender Town so Ash can catch a Ghost-type Pokémon to use against Sabrina.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty link up but Brock cannot find them.	
Ash	person	23	 Brock reaches towards Ash's hand, but mistakenly grabs Pikachu's tail, resulting in Pikachu shocking Brock.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scares everyone by wearing a skull mask.	
Ash	person	29	 Misty and Brock want to let Ash go in alone, scared off by the tower.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash still wants to go in, but Pikachu does not, wanting to sleep.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash gets his sleeping bag and wants to hold until the morning, but Misty wakes them up by smacking a gong.	
Ash	person	74	 The three of them open another hole and fall down, the scream audible to Ash and the others.	
Ash	person	9	Outside, Ash and his friends decide to go in, but Misty and Brock push Ash forward first.	
Ash	person	71	Outside, Ash and his friends decide to go in, but Misty and Brock push Ash forward first.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Charmander to light the room with a Flamethrower, but it exhausts the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends find the hole in the floor as they explore, hearing strange noises echoing.	
Ash	person	47	 Gastly comes into the room and they all laugh.Ash and co.	
Ash	person	2	" Ash pulls it and it releases confetti and a sign saying, "Welcome.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty run out of the room as Brock and the Pokémon jump off and run out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash still wants to go in, but his Pokémon are not as willing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to convince them as Pikachu remembers losing to Kadabra.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his Pokémon are willing to take another shot, but Misty and Brock still want to stay behind.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex about Ghost Pokémon as they approach the hole.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash throws a Poké Ball, but it hits Jessie in the face.	
Ash	person	43	 She runs around, creating a fireball from Ash's view.	
Ash	person	21	 Haunter gets behind Ash as Pikachu spots it and freaks out, but Ash misses it.	
Ash	person	65	 Haunter gets behind Ash as Pikachu spots it and freaks out, but Ash misses it.	
Ash	person	29	 Haunter appears in front of Ash and spooks him as he checks his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	22	 There is no data, so Ash sends Charmander, but the Pokémon disappears.	
Ash	person	19	 It appears behind Ash and taps his shoulder.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Charmander to use Leer.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.Ash recalls Charmander, Haunter still laughing.	
Ash	person	106	 Ash scolds it as Charmander scratches his head, but Haunter appears in front of Charmander and Licks him.Ash recalls Charmander, Haunter still laughing.	
Ash	person	57	 Gengar materializes through the floor right in front of Ash before smacking him with a fan.	
Ash	person	29	 Both ghosts are laughing as Ash checks his Pokédex, but there is still no information.	
Ash	person	52	 Gengar smacks Haunter with the fan and laughs, but Ash does not find it funny.	
Ash	person	18	 They try to make Ash laugh, but it does not work.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu jump after them to stop them, but they miss, Ash crashing into the floor.	
Ash	person	62	 Ash and Pikachu jump after them to stop them, but they miss, Ash crashing into the floor.	
Ash	person	153	 The Ghost Pokémon applaud at the show, but when the chandelier loses electricity, Gengar taps them as Haunter goes up to them and pulls ghost forms of Ash and Pikachu out.	
Ash	person	25	 The Ghost Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to the top of the tower.	
Ash	person	34	 Outside, they admire the view as Ash sees Misty and Brock waiting.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash listens in on the conversation as Misty mentions that he is taking too long, wanting to go in and check on him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash speaks as Misty looks behind her, hearing Ash's voice.	
Ash	person	47	 Ash speaks as Misty looks behind her, hearing Ash's voice.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls Misty into the air before dropping her, Brock catching her.	
Ash	person	63	 Misty gets up and runs into the tower, Brock following, while Ash and Pikachu fly with the Ghost Pokémon.	
Ash	person	26	 Haunter gets in front of Ash as he goes through Haunter's mouth.	
Ash	person	18	The Pokémon take Ash and Pikachu to a room holding several toys.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has to turn down the playtime in order to continue his quest, upsetting the Ghost.	
Ash	person	33	 Meanwhile, Misty and Brock find Ash and Pikachu's bodies, pulling them out from under the chandelier and trying to wake them.	
Ash	person	61	 Both are clearly worried, but Misty voices more concern for Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu return to their bodies and wake up.	
Ash	person	35	They leave the tower the next day, Ash deciding not to catch the Ghost Pokémon.	
Ash	person	25	 Haunter decides to join Ash.	
