Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	45	 The little girl appears in front of them as Ash's Pokémon hide behind him.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	1	 Ash's Pokémon relax as Ash reflects on how mean Sabrina is.	
Thunder Shock	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, but Kadabra Teleports to avoid it.	
Saffron City	settlement	75	After a brief recap of the previous episode, Ash and his friends return to Saffron City with Haunter in tow.	
Saffron City	settlement	26	Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
Celadon City	settlement	93	 Haunter stays behind with Sabrina, and the group makes plans to head off to the next Gym in Celadon City.	
Saffron Gym	building	34	Ash and his friends return to the Saffron Gym as Ash remembers the last match.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is alongside a skyscraper on a platform.	
Team Rocket	group	106	 James readies the fishing net in order to capture Pikachu, but Haunter appears in front of them, scaring Team Rocket and causing them to fall off the platform.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is frozen in the pit being filled with cement, but they manage to get out and blast off.	
Thunderbolt	move	33	 Pikachu gets back up and uses a Thunderbolt, hitting and roasting Kadabra.	
Marsh Badge	item	64	Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
Ghost-type	type	35	 The man that told him to find the Ghost-type Pokémon before appears and teleports them out.	
Charmander	pokemon	16	 Ash brings out Charmander, Squirtle and Bulbasaur and they prepare to go inside.	
Poké Ball	item	47	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	41	 Ash brings out Charmander, Squirtle and Bulbasaur and they prepare to go inside.	
Squirtle	pokemon	28	 Ash brings out Charmander, Squirtle and Bulbasaur and they prepare to go inside.	
Celadon	settlement	93	 Haunter stays behind with Sabrina, and the group makes plans to head off to the next Gym in Celadon City.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 He is ready to go inside, but he notices that his friends and Pikachu do not want to go in, based on what happened last time.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Ash tries to send Pikachu, but he backs away to the wall, scared.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu laughs and the man is somewhat astounded that Ash is that oblivious.	
Pikachu	pokemon	8	Ash and Pikachu scan the city for Haunter.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 James readies the fishing net in order to capture Pikachu, but Haunter appears in front of them, scaring Team Rocket and causing them to fall off the platform.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	 They crash through the sidewalk as Ash and Pikachu notice, Haunter appearing nearby.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 Ash falls to the floor in defeat, but Pikachu steps out to battle, even though Ash knows Pikachu is at a disadvantage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	90	 Ash falls to the floor in defeat, but Pikachu steps out to battle, even though Ash knows Pikachu is at a disadvantage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu wants to stand up for Ash as the battle begins.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, but Kadabra Teleports to avoid it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 It uses Psybeam to knock Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu gets back up and uses a Thunderbolt, hitting and roasting Kadabra.	
Sabrina	person	35	 Ash asks Haunter for help against Sabrina, and it agrees to.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina agrees and sends out Kadabra.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina starts to get angry and orders Ash to send out another Pokémon or they will all return to the toy box.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina is purely angry as Ash decides to back out, running away, everyone following him.	
Sabrina	person	50	 Ash's Pokémon relax as Ash reflects on how mean Sabrina is.	
Sabrina	person	23	 The man mentions that Sabrina was not always mean.	
Sabrina	person	19	 Flashbacks reveal Sabrina as a young girl using telekinetic powers on everything, honing her skills at the cost of turning against her parents.	
Sabrina	person	49	 The little girl is actually a doll representing Sabrina before she practiced telekinesis.	
Sabrina	person	68	 Ash notices that the picture he showed is the same one they saw in Sabrina's toy box.	
Sabrina	person	59	 The man believes that Ash has found out that he is really Sabrina's father, but Ash thinks he is a photographer.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina's father asks why he does not have a Ghost Pokémon as Ash mentions that Haunter disappeared.	
Sabrina	person	60	 They notice another doll nearby as they realize that it is Sabrina's mother.	
Sabrina	person	38	 They are shocked as she reveals that Sabrina is still good.	
Sabrina	person	23	 The roof opens as the Sabrina doll looks down upon them.	
Sabrina	person	79	 The battle seems to be against Ash, but suddenly, Haunter appears in front of Sabrina and laughs.	
Sabrina	person	65	 The doll believes that it is unfair to pit two against one, but Sabrina's dad reappears and says that Haunter is playing on its own, not battling, so it is not against the rules.	
Sabrina	person	79	 Haunter makes funny faces and even pulls out a bomb, exploding it in front of Sabrina.	
Sabrina	person	21	 The effort works as Sabrina cracks a smile, progressing to hysterical laughter.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina's dad seems happy at Sabrina's breakthrough, but Ash is still unconvinced that he is her dad, making him angry.	
Sabrina	person	30	 Sabrina's dad seems happy at Sabrina's breakthrough, but Ash is still unconvinced that he is her dad, making him angry.	
Sabrina	person	43	 However, he notes that Haunter has helped Sabrina.	
Sabrina	person	45	 Ash is still angry that he did not win, but Sabrina's dad points to Kadabra rolling on the floor laughing, since Sabrina and Kadabra are joined telepathically.	
Sabrina	person	114	 Ash is still angry that he did not win, but Sabrina's dad points to Kadabra rolling on the floor laughing, since Sabrina and Kadabra are joined telepathically.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
Sabrina	person	1	 Sabrina's father declares Ash the winner.	
Sabrina	person	27	 Haunter stays behind with Sabrina, and the group makes plans to head off to the next Gym in Celadon City.	
Thunder	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, but Kadabra Teleports to avoid it.	
Kadabra	pokemon	30	 Sabrina agrees and sends out Kadabra.	
Kadabra	pokemon	1	 Kadabra comes back out as Ash orders Haunter to go, but it disappears again.	
Kadabra	pokemon	33	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, but Kadabra Teleports to avoid it.	
Kadabra	pokemon	67	 Pikachu gets back up and uses a Thunderbolt, hitting and roasting Kadabra.	
Kadabra	pokemon	26	 It seems like a win, but Kadabra uses Recover to heal.	
Kadabra	pokemon	69	 Ash is still angry that he did not win, but Sabrina's dad points to Kadabra rolling on the floor laughing, since Sabrina and Kadabra are joined telepathically.	
Kadabra	pokemon	126	 Ash is still angry that he did not win, but Sabrina's dad points to Kadabra rolling on the floor laughing, since Sabrina and Kadabra are joined telepathically.	
Kadabra	pokemon	37	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
Psybeam	move	9	 It uses Psybeam to knock Pikachu back.	
Trainer	person	60	 The conflict caused her to split into two girls, the older Trainer and the lonely little girl.	
Recover	move	39	 It seems like a win, but Kadabra uses Recover to heal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 Ash scolds it and Haunter cries, but Ash reassures it, the Pokémon quickly perking up.	
Pokémon	pokemon	64	 Sabrina starts to get angry and orders Ash to send out another Pokémon or they will all return to the toy box.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 His other Pokémon do the same, not wanting to battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 The little girl appears in front of them as Ash's Pokémon hide behind him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 The man that told him to find the Ghost-type Pokémon before appears and teleports them out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	7	 Ash's Pokémon relax as Ash reflects on how mean Sabrina is.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 Sabrina's father asks why he does not have a Ghost Pokémon as Ash mentions that Haunter disappeared.	
Haunter	pokemon	93	After a brief recap of the previous episode, Ash and his friends return to Saffron City with Haunter in tow.	
Haunter	pokemon	59	 Ash is feeling confident, but Brock is somewhat afraid of Haunter.	
Haunter	pokemon	24	 However, Misty is not, Haunter hugging up and licking Misty's face, paralyzing her.	
Haunter	pokemon	19	 Ash scolds it and Haunter cries, but Ash reassures it, the Pokémon quickly perking up.	
Haunter	pokemon	10	 Ash asks Haunter for help against Sabrina, and it agrees to.	
Haunter	pokemon	44	 Ash believes he will win, but Brock thinks Haunter is controlling Ash.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter appears not to be, laughing continually.	
Haunter	pokemon	26	 Ash attempts to send out Haunter, but Haunter has disappeared.	
Haunter	pokemon	39	 Ash attempts to send out Haunter, but Haunter has disappeared.	
Haunter	pokemon	82	 Sabrina's father asks why he does not have a Ghost Pokémon as Ash mentions that Haunter disappeared.	
Haunter	pokemon	14	 He must find Haunter in order to free his friends.	
Haunter	pokemon	34	Ash and Pikachu scan the city for Haunter.	
Haunter	pokemon	64	 James readies the fishing net in order to capture Pikachu, but Haunter appears in front of them, scaring Team Rocket and causing them to fall off the platform.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter appears next to Jessie and makes funny faces, trying to get her to laugh (he even fires a gun with a "BANG!	
Haunter	pokemon	60	 They crash through the sidewalk as Ash and Pikachu notice, Haunter appearing nearby.	
Haunter	pokemon	38	 Ash wants to go back to the Gym, but Haunter does not want to battle.	
Haunter	pokemon	10	 However, Haunter comes up with an idea and sides with Ash again as they return to the Gym.	
Haunter	pokemon	38	 Kadabra comes back out as Ash orders Haunter to go, but it disappears again.	
Haunter	pokemon	51	 The battle seems to be against Ash, but suddenly, Haunter appears in front of Sabrina and laughs.	
Haunter	pokemon	103	 The doll believes that it is unfair to pit two against one, but Sabrina's dad reappears and says that Haunter is playing on its own, not battling, so it is not against the rules.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter makes funny faces and even pulls out a bomb, exploding it in front of Sabrina.	
Haunter	pokemon	24	 However, he notes that Haunter has helped Sabrina.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter stays behind with Sabrina, and the group makes plans to head off to the next Gym in Celadon City.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie grabs hold as everyone else clings onto her.	
Jessie	person	25	 Haunter appears next to Jessie and makes funny faces, trying to get her to laugh (he even fires a gun with a "BANG!	
Ghost	type	35	 The man that told him to find the Ghost-type Pokémon before appears and teleports them out.	
Ghost	type	46	 Sabrina's father asks why he does not have a Ghost Pokémon as Ash mentions that Haunter disappeared.	
Brock	person	31	 Ash is feeling confident, but Brock is somewhat afraid of Haunter.	
Brock	person	31	 Ash believes he will win, but Brock thinks Haunter is controlling Ash.	
Brock	person	86	 The exit seals off as the little girl appears from behind, using telekinesis to turn Brock and Misty into dolls.	
Brock	person	21	Meanwhile, Misty and Brock, now as dolls, are sitting on a couch, unable to move.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock protest, but Ash is set to battle.	
Brock	person	69	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
James	person	1	 James readies the fishing net in order to capture Pikachu, but Haunter appears in front of them, scaring Team Rocket and causing them to fall off the platform.	
Misty	person	10	 However, Misty is not, Haunter hugging up and licking Misty's face, paralyzing her.	
Misty	person	55	 However, Misty is not, Haunter hugging up and licking Misty's face, paralyzing her.	
Misty	person	96	 The exit seals off as the little girl appears from behind, using telekinesis to turn Brock and Misty into dolls.	
Misty	person	11	Meanwhile, Misty and Brock, now as dolls, are sitting on a couch, unable to move.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty demands a battle and for them to change them back, but she doesn't want them to change.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock protest, but Ash is set to battle.	
Misty	person	59	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
Badge	item	70	Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
Poké	item	47	 Sabrina's doll disappears and drops Kadabra's Poké Ball, Misty and Brock returning to human form.	
Gym	building	42	Ash and his friends return to the Saffron Gym as Ash remembers the last match.	
Gym	building	29	 Ash wants to go back to the Gym, but Haunter does not want to battle.	
Gym	building	87	 However, Haunter comes up with an idea and sides with Ash again as they return to the Gym.	
Gym	building	86	 Haunter stays behind with Sabrina, and the group makes plans to head off to the next Gym in Celadon City.	
Ash	person	45	After a brief recap of the previous episode, Ash and his friends return to Saffron City with Haunter in tow.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is feeling confident, but Brock is somewhat afraid of Haunter.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scolds it and Haunter cries, but Ash reassures it, the Pokémon quickly perking up.	
Ash	person	38	 Ash scolds it and Haunter cries, but Ash reassures it, the Pokémon quickly perking up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Haunter for help against Sabrina, and it agrees to.Ash and his friends return to the Saffron Gym as Ash remembers the last match.	
Ash	person	61	 Ash asks Haunter for help against Sabrina, and it agrees to.Ash and his friends return to the Saffron Gym as Ash remembers the last match.	
Ash	person	110	 Ash asks Haunter for help against Sabrina, and it agrees to.Ash and his friends return to the Saffron Gym as Ash remembers the last match.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash believes he will win, but Brock thinks Haunter is controlling Ash.	
Ash	person	67	 Ash believes he will win, but Brock thinks Haunter is controlling Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out Charmander, Squirtle and Bulbasaur and they prepare to go inside.	
Ash	person	37	 Everyone returns to the stadium, as Ash demands a rematch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to send out Haunter, but Haunter has disappeared.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash freaks out, losing his confidence.	
Ash	person	40	 Sabrina starts to get angry and orders Ash to send out another Pokémon or they will all return to the toy box.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to send Pikachu, but he backs away to the wall, scared.	
Ash	person	28	 Sabrina is purely angry as Ash decides to back out, running away, everyone following him.	
Ash	person	45	 The little girl appears in front of them as Ash's Pokémon hide behind him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pokémon relax as Ash reflects on how mean Sabrina is.	
Ash	person	25	 Ash's Pokémon relax as Ash reflects on how mean Sabrina is.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices that the picture he showed is the same one they saw in Sabrina's toy box.	
Ash	person	23	 The man believes that Ash has found out that he is really Sabrina's father, but Ash thinks he is a photographer.	
Ash	person	81	 The man believes that Ash has found out that he is really Sabrina's father, but Ash thinks he is a photographer.	
Ash	person	55	 Pikachu laughs and the man is somewhat astounded that Ash is that oblivious.	
Ash	person	64	 Sabrina's father asks why he does not have a Ghost Pokémon as Ash mentions that Haunter disappeared.	
Ash	person	51	 He must find Haunter in order to free his friends.Ash and Pikachu scan the city for Haunter.	
Ash	person	36	 They crash through the sidewalk as Ash and Pikachu notice, Haunter appearing nearby.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wants to go back to the Gym, but Haunter does not want to battle.	
Ash	person	55	 However, Haunter comes up with an idea and sides with Ash again as they return to the Gym.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash returns and asks for another match.	
Ash	person	30	 Misty and Brock protest, but Ash is set to battle.	
Ash	person	27	 Kadabra comes back out as Ash orders Haunter to go, but it disappears again.	
Ash	person	39	 This time, there is no backing out as Ash freaks out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash falls to the floor in defeat, but Pikachu steps out to battle, even though Ash knows Pikachu is at a disadvantage.	
Ash	person	80	 Ash falls to the floor in defeat, but Pikachu steps out to battle, even though Ash knows Pikachu is at a disadvantage.	
Ash	person	31	 Pikachu wants to stand up for Ash as the battle begins.	
Ash	person	32	 The battle seems to be against Ash, but suddenly, Haunter appears in front of Sabrina and laughs.	
Ash	person	58	 Sabrina's dad seems happy at Sabrina's breakthrough, but Ash is still unconvinced that he is her dad, making him angry.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is still angry that he did not win, but Sabrina's dad points to Kadabra rolling on the floor laughing, since Sabrina and Kadabra are joined telepathically.	
Ash	person	27	 Sabrina's father declares Ash the winner.Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
Ash	person	42	 Sabrina's father declares Ash the winner.Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
Ash	person	82	 Sabrina's father declares Ash the winner.Ash and his friends leave Saffron City, Ash glancing at his new Marsh Badge.	
