Professor Oak's Laboratory	building	19	The scene opens at Professor Oak's Laboratory as he sips tea.	
Pokémon League	group	48	 He mentions that the hat was one he won at the Pokémon League Expo and that the hat is very rare.	
Thunder Shock	move	22	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, but it only makes Primeape angrier.	
Thunder Shock	move	22	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, hurting Team Rocket and Ash.	
Professor Oak	person	19	The scene opens at Professor Oak's Laboratory as he sips tea.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak approves, but he mentions that Gary and the others all have five Badges and have already passed through Celadon City.	
Flamethrower	move	33	 Ash sends Charmander out, using Flamethrower, but Primeape dodges before pounding on Charmander with several punches.	
Flamethrower	move	26	 Charmander fires another Flamethrower as Pikachu jumps and grabs the hat, escaping before the attack roasts Primeape.	
Celadon City	settlement	119	 Professor Oak approves, but he mentions that Gary and the others all have five Badges and have already passed through Celadon City.	
Celadon City	settlement	68	 Ash mentions how far behind he is as Brock points down the path to Celadon City.	
Celadon City	settlement	43	 Pikachu points over the cliff as they see Celadon City.	
Ash's Krabby	pokemon	20	 The phone rings as Ash's Krabby brings it to him.	
Team Rocket	group	9	 Nearby, Team Rocket watches, wanting to catch Pikachu and get a promotion.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket steps out to confront them, but Mankey checks out Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	63	 Team Rocket steps out to confront them, but Mankey checks out Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 Brock tells Team Rocket to leave before it whips them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket turns, seeing the angry Pokémon evolving into Primeape.	
Team Rocket	group	42	Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 Primeape beats Team Rocket and gets between Pikachu and Ash's hat.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 They run away as Team Rocket pursues them as well.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket sets up a pit trap in Ash's path.	
Team Rocket	group	39	 Koffing releases gas as Ash confronts Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, hurting Team Rocket and Ash.	
Team Rocket	group	34	Pikachu gives Ash his hat back as Team Rocket climbs out of the hole.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Primeape jumps out and pounds Team Rocket, sending them flying.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket lands in a field full of angry Primeape.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 The Primeape pound on Team Rocket as Meowth wishes for donuts.	
Razor Leaf	move	28	 Ash sends Bulbasaur to use Razor Leaf, but Primeape punches them, destroying the leaves.	
Charmander	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Charmander out, using Flamethrower, but Primeape dodges before pounding on Charmander with several punches.	
Charmander	pokemon	86	 Ash sends Charmander out, using Flamethrower, but Primeape dodges before pounding on Charmander with several punches.	
Charmander	pokemon	27	 Primeape is relentless as Charmander's flame suddenly grows.	
Charmander	pokemon	38	 The Pokédex points the move Rage as Charmander gains more power.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander takes more punches before biting Primeape's fist, but it tosses the Pokémon aside.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander fires another Flamethrower as Pikachu jumps and grabs the hat, escaping before the attack roasts Primeape.	
Charmander	pokemon	17	 Ash recalls his Charmander and Primeape.	
Laboratory	building	35	The scene opens at Professor Oak's Laboratory as he sips tea.	
Poké Ball	item	46	 Ash decides to catch it by merely throwing a Poké Ball at it.	
Poké Ball	item	39	 Mankey throws the rice ball which the Poké Ball catches, and it then hops off, clearly angry.	
Poké Ball	item	102	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	35	 Primeape slumps as Ash tosses the Poké Ball.	
Water Gun	move	27	 He sends Squirtle to fire Water Gun, but it makes Primeape angrier.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Bulbasaur to use Razor Leaf, but Primeape punches them, destroying the leaves.	
Squirtle	pokemon	10	 He sends Squirtle to fire Water Gun, but it makes Primeape angrier.	
Primeape	pokemon	60	 Team Rocket turns, seeing the angry Pokémon evolving into Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	30	Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape attacks Jessie, sending her flying face-first into a rock.	
Primeape	pokemon	50	 She gets angry and orders the Pokémon to attack Primeape instead.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape beats Team Rocket and gets between Pikachu and Ash's hat.	
Primeape	pokemon	30	 Pikachu tries not to look at Primeape in the eye, but he eventually does, nervously backing away as it reclaims the hat.	
Primeape	pokemon	55	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, but it only makes Primeape angrier.	
Primeape	pokemon	14	 Brock thinks Primeape is scared of them and approaches it, but it pounds on Brock and sends him flying.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape continues to Thrash and runs after Ash and Misty.	
Primeape	pokemon	25	 Ash and Misty split up, Primeape following Ash.	
Primeape	pokemon	21	Ash keeps running as Primeape destroys boulders in its path.	
Primeape	pokemon	61	 They see dust in the distance as Ash and Pikachu plunge in, Primeape managing to stop in time.	
Primeape	pokemon	10	 Ash sees Primeape as it jumps in.	
Primeape	pokemon	23	 Ash scrambles out but Primeape jumps in front of him, staring him in the eye.	
Primeape	pokemon	66	 Ash remembers what Oak said and decides to get serious and catch Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	51	 He sends Squirtle to fire Water Gun, but it makes Primeape angrier.	
Primeape	pokemon	44	 Ash sends Bulbasaur to use Razor Leaf, but Primeape punches them, destroying the leaves.	
Primeape	pokemon	51	 Ash sends Charmander out, using Flamethrower, but Primeape dodges before pounding on Charmander with several punches.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape is relentless as Charmander's flame suddenly grows.	
Primeape	pokemon	45	 Charmander takes more punches before biting Primeape's fist, but it tosses the Pokémon aside.	
Primeape	pokemon	109	 Charmander fires another Flamethrower as Pikachu jumps and grabs the hat, escaping before the attack roasts Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape slumps as Ash tosses the Poké Ball.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape goes inside as the Ball rattles.	
Primeape	pokemon	104	 The Ball rattles again, but it stops a second time, this time inert as Ash claims the Ball holding his Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	19	 They wonder where Primeape is as Ash throws the ball in.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape jumps out and pounds Team Rocket, sending them flying.	
Primeape	pokemon	10	 Ash pets Primeape, but it gives Ash a black eye.	
Primeape	pokemon	32	 Ash recalls his Charmander and Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	18	 Misty notes that Primeape's chase sped up the trip.	
Primeape	pokemon	55	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket lands in a field full of angry Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	5	 The Primeape pound on Team Rocket as Meowth wishes for donuts.	
Celadon	settlement	119	 Professor Oak approves, but he mentions that Gary and the others all have five Badges and have already passed through Celadon City.	
Celadon	settlement	68	 Ash mentions how far behind he is as Brock points down the path to Celadon City.	
Celadon	settlement	43	 Pikachu points over the cliff as they see Celadon City.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	Misty and Pikachu are eating rice balls as Misty notices Ash's mood.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu notices a Mankey peeking from behind a rock nearby as Ash checks his Pokédex.	
Pikachu	pokemon	47	 Nearby, Team Rocket watches, wanting to catch Pikachu and get a promotion.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Ash notices his hat and Pikachu runs for it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Primeape beats Team Rocket and gets between Pikachu and Ash's hat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries not to look at Primeape in the eye, but he eventually does, nervously backing away as it reclaims the hat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, but it only makes Primeape angrier.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 They see dust in the distance as Ash and Pikachu plunge in, Primeape managing to stop in time.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, hurting Team Rocket and Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 Charmander fires another Flamethrower as Pikachu jumps and grabs the hat, escaping before the attack roasts Primeape.	
Pikachu	pokemon	113	 The Ball rattles again, but it stops a second time, this time inert as Ash claims the Ball holding his Primeape.Pikachu gives Ash his hat back as Team Rocket climbs out of the hole.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu points over the cliff as they see Celadon City.	
Koffing	pokemon	98	Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Koffing	pokemon	1	 Koffing releases gas as Ash confronts Team Rocket.	
Thunder	move	22	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, but it only makes Primeape angrier.	
Thunder	move	22	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, hurting Team Rocket and Ash.	
Trainer	person	78	 Oak mentions that Ash should catch more Pokémon in order to become a better Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 It makes Ash even more furious that Gary has caught thirty Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Oak mentions that Ash should catch more Pokémon in order to become a better Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	 Meowth makes a smart remark as Jessie rolls a yarn ball at Meowth, pacifying the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 He mentions that the hat was one he won at the Pokémon League Expo and that the hat is very rare.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Team Rocket turns, seeing the angry Pokémon evolving into Primeape.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 She gets angry and orders the Pokémon to attack Primeape instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 Charmander takes more punches before biting Primeape's fist, but it tosses the Pokémon aside.	
Pokédex	item	78	 Pikachu notices a Mankey peeking from behind a rock nearby as Ash checks his Pokédex.	
Pokédex	item	5	 The Pokédex mentions that once it goes into Thrash, it is hard to stop.	
Pokédex	item	15	Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Pokédex	item	5	 The Pokédex points the move Rage as Charmander gains more power.	
Thrash	move	46	 The Pokédex mentions that once it goes into Thrash, it is hard to stop.	
Thrash	move	23	 Primeape continues to Thrash and runs after Ash and Misty.	
Krabby	pokemon	26	 The phone rings as Ash's Krabby brings it to him.	
Jessie	person	32	 Meowth makes a smart remark as Jessie rolls a yarn ball at Meowth, pacifying the Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	18	 Primeape attacks Jessie, sending her flying face-first into a rock.	
Jessie	person	19	 Meowth, James and Jessie jump into the melee as Ash's friends drag him away.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth makes a smart remark as Jessie rolls a yarn ball at Meowth, pacifying the Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 Meowth makes a smart remark as Jessie rolls a yarn ball at Meowth, pacifying the Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, James and Jessie jump into the melee as Ash's friends drag him away.	
Meowth	pokemon	38	 The Primeape pound on Team Rocket as Meowth wishes for donuts.	
Mankey	pokemon	19	 Pikachu notices a Mankey peeking from behind a rock nearby as Ash checks his Pokédex.	
Mankey	pokemon	1	 Mankey hops over Brock, wanting the rice ball.	
Mankey	pokemon	1	 Mankey throws the rice ball which the Poké Ball catches, and it then hops off, clearly angry.	
Mankey	pokemon	1	 Mankey charges and everyone runs away.	
Mankey	pokemon	28	 Misty trips and it appears Mankey will attack her, but it jumps off her head to land on Ash, pounding on him.	
Mankey	pokemon	1	 Mankey leaves Ash beaten and without his hat as it climbs atop a tree and wears the hat.	
Mankey	pokemon	15	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Mankey	pokemon	49	 Ash manages to get high enough on the tree, but Mankey jumps off, sending Ash back down.	
Mankey	pokemon	45	 Team Rocket steps out to confront them, but Mankey checks out Team Rocket.	
Mankey	pokemon	13	 James kicks Mankey away.	
Brock	person	38	 Ash mentions how far behind he is as Brock points down the path to Celadon City.	
Brock	person	59	 Misty mentions that Ash needs to get there his own way as Brock mentions quality over quantity.	
Brock	person	18	 Mankey hops over Brock, wanting the rice ball.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tries to stop it by throwing it a rice ball, but it destroys it with its fist.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tells Team Rocket to leave before it whips them.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock thinks Primeape is scared of them and approaches it, but it pounds on Brock and sends him flying.	
Brock	person	77	 Brock thinks Primeape is scared of them and approaches it, but it pounds on Brock and sends him flying.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock catches up with Misty as they decide to catch up to Ash.	
James	person	1	 James kicks Mankey away.	
James	person	9	 Meowth, James and Jessie jump into the melee as Ash's friends drag him away.	
Misty	person	37	 He ends the call, leaving Ash upset.Misty and Pikachu are eating rice balls as Misty notices Ash's mood.	
Misty	person	80	 He ends the call, leaving Ash upset.Misty and Pikachu are eating rice balls as Misty notices Ash's mood.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty mentions that Ash needs to get there his own way as Brock mentions quality over quantity.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty trips and it appears Mankey will attack her, but it jumps off her head to land on Ash, pounding on him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty remembers trying to win that hat, but Ash beat her by sending in "about a million postcards".	
Misty	person	53	 Primeape continues to Thrash and runs after Ash and Misty.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty split up, Primeape following Ash.	
Misty	person	23	 Brock catches up with Misty as they decide to catch up to Ash.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty insists for Ash to forget it, but Ash wants to face it to get stronger.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty notes that Primeape's chase sped up the trip.	
Water	type	27	 He sends Squirtle to fire Water Gun, but it makes Primeape angrier.	
Badge	item	55	 Ash puts his hat on, as he is excited to get the next Badge.	
Ekans	pokemon	88	Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Poké	item	46	 Ash decides to catch it by merely throwing a Poké Ball at it.	
Poké	item	39	 Mankey throws the rice ball which the Poké Ball catches, and it then hops off, clearly angry.	
Poké	item	102	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	35	 Primeape slumps as Ash tosses the Poké Ball.	
Gary	person	46	 Professor Oak approves, but he mentions that Gary and the others all have five Badges and have already passed through Celadon City.	
Gary	person	37	 It makes Ash even more furious that Gary has caught thirty Pokémon.	
Rage	move	30	 The Pokédex points the move Rage as Charmander gains more power.	
Ash	person	20	 The phone rings as Ash's Krabby brings it to him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is on the other line as he shows off his four Badges.	
Ash	person	10	 It makes Ash even more furious that Gary has caught thirty Pokémon.	
Ash	person	19	 Oak mentions that Ash should catch more Pokémon in order to become a better Trainer.	
Ash	person	27	 He ends the call, leaving Ash upset.	
Ash	person	57	Misty and Pikachu are eating rice balls as Misty notices Ash's mood.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash mentions how far behind he is as Brock points down the path to Celadon City.	
Ash	person	21	 Misty mentions that Ash needs to get there his own way as Brock mentions quality over quantity.	
Ash	person	63	 Pikachu notices a Mankey peeking from behind a rock nearby as Ash checks his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to catch it by merely throwing a Poké Ball at it.	
Ash	person	89	 Misty trips and it appears Mankey will attack her, but it jumps off her head to land on Ash, pounding on him.	
Ash	person	15	 Mankey leaves Ash beaten and without his hat as it climbs atop a tree and wears the hat.	
Ash	person	91	 Meowth makes a smart remark as Jessie rolls a yarn ball at Meowth, pacifying the Pokémon.Ash gets up and notices his hat is missing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	44	 Ash confronts Mankey as the Pokémon mocks Ash, imitating him twisting his hat back and throwing the Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash climbs the tree to reclaim the hat.	
Ash	person	45	 Misty remembers trying to win that hat, but Ash beat her by sending in "about a million postcards".	
Ash	person	1	 Ash manages to get high enough on the tree, but Mankey jumps off, sending Ash back down.	
Ash	person	75	 Ash manages to get high enough on the tree, but Mankey jumps off, sending Ash back down.	
Ash	person	69	 Team Rocket turns, seeing the angry Pokémon evolving into Primeape.Ash checks his Pokédex about Primeape as Team Rocket decides to ignore it, sending out Ekans and Koffing.	
Ash	person	49	 Meowth, James and Jessie jump into the melee as Ash's friends drag him away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices his hat and Pikachu runs for it.	
Ash	person	57	 Primeape beats Team Rocket and gets between Pikachu and Ash's hat.	
Ash	person	45	 Primeape continues to Thrash and runs after Ash and Misty.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty split up, Primeape following Ash.	
Ash	person	44	 Ash and Misty split up, Primeape following Ash.	
Ash	person	59	 Brock catches up with Misty as they decide to catch up to Ash.Ash keeps running as Primeape destroys boulders in its path.	
Ash	person	46	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket sets up a pit trap in Ash's path.	
Ash	person	34	 They see dust in the distance as Ash and Pikachu plunge in, Primeape managing to stop in time.	
Ash	person	25	 Koffing releases gas as Ash confronts Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	61	 Pikachu attacks with Thunder Shock, hurting Team Rocket and Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sees Primeape as it jumps in.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scrambles out but Primeape jumps in front of him, staring him in the eye.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash remembers what Oak said and decides to get serious and catch Primeape.	
Ash	person	19	 Misty insists for Ash to forget it, but Ash wants to face it to get stronger.	
Ash	person	41	 Misty insists for Ash to forget it, but Ash wants to face it to get stronger.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Bulbasaur to use Razor Leaf, but Primeape punches them, destroying the leaves.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Charmander out, using Flamethrower, but Primeape dodges before pounding on Charmander with several punches.	
Ash	person	20	 Primeape slumps as Ash tosses the Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	72	 The Ball rattles again, but it stops a second time, this time inert as Ash claims the Ball holding his Primeape.	
Ash	person	14	Pikachu gives Ash his hat back as Team Rocket climbs out of the hole.	
Ash	person	34	 They wonder where Primeape is as Ash throws the ball in.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pets Primeape, but it gives Ash a black eye.	
Ash	person	33	 Ash pets Primeape, but it gives Ash a black eye.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls his Charmander and Primeape.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash puts his hat on, as he is excited to get the next Badge.	
Oak	person	29	The scene opens at Professor Oak's Laboratory as he sips tea.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak approves, but he mentions that Gary and the others all have five Badges and have already passed through Celadon City.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak mentions that Ash should catch more Pokémon in order to become a better Trainer.	
Oak	person	20	 Ash remembers what Oak said and decides to get serious and catch Primeape.	
