Rainbow Badge	item	34	 The next day, Erika presents the Rainbow Badge to Ash because he saved Gloom.	
Flamethrower	move	17	 Charmander uses Flamethrower to stop the attack and send it back as fireballs.	
Celadon City	settlement	33	Ash and his friends have reached Celadon City, renowned for the skyscrapers filling the city.	
Parlyz Heal	item	57	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket sets up a ladder to sneak into the Gym and steal the perfume formula.	
Team Rocket	group	81	 Gloom responds by releasing its stench, the putrid smell instantly knocking out Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	14	Ash runs into Team Rocket tied up in the tree.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 They go to the department store and Team Rocket dresses Ash up in a dress and a blonde wig.	
Team Rocket	group	59	 Ash speaks about wanting to get back at the Trainers, but Team Rocket subtly point out that Ash needs to change his voice.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket runs off to find the secret perfume formula while Ash unintentionally distracts the Trainers.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket breaks into the safe holding the perfume.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 Ash is not optimistic, but Pikachu is confident that he will win.Team Rocket interrupts the battle and jumps down to the battlefield.	
Team Rocket	group	34	 Ash feels guilty that he allowed Team Rocket inside, but Misty snaps him out of it.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket opens the bottle, the contents knocking them out.	
Celadon Gym	building	34	 Ash storms away and heads to the Celadon Gym, but when he tries to enter, none of the Trainers are willing to let him in.	
Poison Gas	move	39	 James sends out his Koffing to launch Poison Gas, but Gloom is unaffected by the attack, breathing it as if it were fresh air.	
Razor Leaf	move	45	 Erika sends out Weepinbell and opens with a Razor Leaf attack.	
Skull Bash	move	17	 Charmander uses Skull Bash to knock out Weepinbell.	
Charmander	pokemon	189	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander uses Flamethrower to stop the attack and send it back as fireballs.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander uses Skull Bash to knock out Weepinbell.	
Charmander	pokemon	46	 It releases its stench and upon smelling it, Charmander jumps into the air, holding its nose before fainting.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	17	 Erika sends out Weepinbell and opens with a Razor Leaf attack.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	41	 Charmander uses Skull Bash to knock out Weepinbell.	
Gym Leader	person	42	 Ash finds out that Erika is not only the Gym Leader, but she is also the store manager that kicked him out.	
Grass-type	type	37	The Gym Trainers work out with their Grass-type Pokémon while Erika finishes telling a story to the group.	
Stun Spore	move	112	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Vine Whip	move	24	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Constrict	move	52	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Water Gun	move	68	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	70	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	135	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Squirtle	pokemon	10	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Primeape	pokemon	105	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Tangela	pokemon	47	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Tangela	pokemon	39	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Celadon	settlement	33	Ash and his friends have reached Celadon City, renowned for the skyscrapers filling the city.	
Celadon	settlement	34	 Ash storms away and heads to the Celadon Gym, but when he tries to enter, none of the Trainers are willing to let him in.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 Ash thinks Brock is wasting time and proceeds to leave, but Misty and Pikachu are not around.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Misty and Pikachu are inside the perfume store admiring the variety of aromas.	
Pikachu	pokemon	74	 Brock steps forward to introduce the seemingly shy Ashley as Ash notices Pikachu in the group as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu gets closer and hugs Ash's leg.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 Ash tries to decide between his other Pokémon on who should go, but Pikachu steps forward and offers to battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Ash is not optimistic, but Pikachu is confident that he will win.	
Koffing	pokemon	21	 James sends out his Koffing to launch Poison Gas, but Gloom is unaffected by the attack, breathing it as if it were fresh air.	
Trainer	person	10	 The lead Trainer plants a red cross stamp on Ash's face before kicking him out and closing the doors.	
Geodude	pokemon	13	 Brock sends Geodude to drop dirt on the flames.	
Starmie	pokemon	52	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	The Gym Trainers work out with their Grass-type Pokémon while Erika finishes telling a story to the group.	
Pokémon	pokemon	142	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 Erika points out Ash's lack of empathy towards his Pokémon as she sends out Gloom.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 Ash tries to decide between his other Pokémon on who should go, but Pikachu steps forward and offers to battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 The bomb starts a massive fire as the Trainers quickly recall their Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	87	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Ashley	person	123	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Ashley	person	52	 Brock steps forward to introduce the seemingly shy Ashley as Ash notices Pikachu in the group as well.	
Parlyz	item	57	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Jessie	person	37	 They explore the interior forest as Jessie runs into a Gloom.	
Jessie	person	34	 James asks Ash to free them, but Jessie refuses at first.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie offers to help Ash get inside the Gym if he releases them.	
Jessie	person	78	 Ash coughs and speaks again in a high-pitched voice, setting up his disguise.Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Jessie	person	97	 Meowth, hiding under James's disguise, pulls out a blaster ball, asking what to do with it, and Jessie orders Meowth to plant it.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is unaffected since he does not have a nose, but the Trainers knock Meowth out with a hammer before planting red cross marks on all three of them, taking them outside and suspending them from a tree branch.	
Meowth	pokemon	76	 Meowth is unaffected since he does not have a nose, but the Trainers knock Meowth out with a hammer before planting red cross marks on all three of them, taking them outside and suspending them from a tree branch.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, hiding under James's disguise, pulls out a blaster ball, asking what to do with it, and Jessie orders Meowth to plant it.	
Meowth	pokemon	111	 Meowth, hiding under James's disguise, pulls out a blaster ball, asking what to do with it, and Jessie orders Meowth to plant it.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth detonates the blaster ball, which is still on Meowth, sending them blasting off, but they manage to escape with the perfume.	
Meowth	pokemon	54	 Meowth detonates the blaster ball, which is still on Meowth, sending them blasting off, but they manage to escape with the perfume.	
Grimer	pokemon	84	 Erika recounts on how she first met Gloom when she was a child and ran into a wild Grimer.	
Grimer	pokemon	43	 Gloom came by and used its stench to send Grimer scurrying.	
Staryu	pokemon	41	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Gloom	pokemon	56	 They explore the interior forest as Jessie runs into a Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	16	 James waves at Gloom's face, waking it up.	
Gloom	pokemon	55	 James sends out his Koffing to launch Poison Gas, but Gloom is unaffected by the attack, breathing it as if it were fresh air.	
Gloom	pokemon	1	 Gloom responds by releasing its stench, the putrid smell instantly knocking out Team Rocket.	
Gloom	pokemon	22	 Misty asks Erika why Gloom does not emit its horrible smell.	
Gloom	pokemon	34	 Erika points out that as long as Gloom feels safe, it will not smell.	
Gloom	pokemon	37	 Erika recounts on how she first met Gloom when she was a child and ran into a wild Grimer.	
Gloom	pokemon	1	 Gloom came by and used its stench to send Grimer scurrying.	
Gloom	pokemon	78	 Erika points out Ash's lack of empathy towards his Pokémon as she sends out Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	93	 As they begin to get a hold on the fire, Erika runs around, frantic because she cannot find Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	12	 She thinks Gloom is still inside and attempts to run in, but Misty stops her.	
Gloom	pokemon	10	 He finds Gloom scared, but as he approaches, Gloom releases its smell.	
Gloom	pokemon	46	 He finds Gloom scared, but as he approaches, Gloom releases its smell.	
Gloom	pokemon	38	 The ceiling begins to cave in around Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	15	 He gets up to Gloom, but can no longer hold his breath as he takes a breath, but he finds no smell because he remembers the story that Gloom will not stink if it feels safe.	
Gloom	pokemon	136	 He gets up to Gloom, but can no longer hold his breath as he takes a breath, but he finds no smell because he remembers the story that Gloom will not stink if it feels safe.	
Gloom	pokemon	37	Ash runs out of the burning Gym with Gloom in hand as everyone congratulates Ash for his bravery.	
Gloom	pokemon	72	 The next day, Erika presents the Rainbow Badge to Ash because he saved Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	75	 Ash points out the lost potion, but Erika points out that the bottle held Gloom's scent.	
Erika	person	63	The Gym Trainers work out with their Grass-type Pokémon while Erika finishes telling a story to the group.	
Erika	person	20	 Ash finds out that Erika is not only the Gym Leader, but she is also the store manager that kicked him out.	
Erika	person	12	 Misty asks Erika why Gloom does not emit its horrible smell.	
Erika	person	1	 Erika points out that as long as Gloom feels safe, it will not smell.	
Erika	person	1	 Erika recounts on how she first met Gloom when she was a child and ran into a wild Grimer.	
Erika	person	4	 As Erika finishes the story, Misty wishes that Ash could have heard the story.	
Erika	person	37	 Ash drops the facade and challenges Erika to a battle.	
Erika	person	65	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket breaks into the safe holding the perfume.Erika accepts the challenge and sets up a three-on-three battle.	
Erika	person	31	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Erika	person	27	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Erika	person	1	 Erika sends out Weepinbell and opens with a Razor Leaf attack.	
Erika	person	1	 Erika points out Ash's lack of empathy towards his Pokémon as she sends out Gloom.	
Erika	person	42	 As they begin to get a hold on the fire, Erika runs around, frantic because she cannot find Gloom.	
Erika	person	15	 The next day, Erika presents the Rainbow Badge to Ash because he saved Gloom.	
Erika	person	37	 Ash points out the lost potion, but Erika points out that the bottle held Gloom's scent.	
Grass	type	37	The Gym Trainers work out with their Grass-type Pokémon while Erika finishes telling a story to the group.	
Spore	move	117	 Bulbasaur attacks with Vine Whip, but Tangela uses Constrict to pull Bulbasaur closer before following up with Stun Spore, paralyzing Bulbasaur.	
Brock	person	57	 Everyone but Ash notice a wonderful smell in the air as Brock runs off.	
Brock	person	12	 Ash thinks Brock is wasting time and proceeds to leave, but Misty and Pikachu are not around.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock points inside as Ash looks.	
Brock	person	161	 The female manager confronts Ash about his negative claim, but Ash pushes it further by saying all perfumes are a waste and turn guys into zombies, pointing to Brock.	
Brock	person	41	 Ash enters the room and finds Misty and Brock in the group.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock steps forward to introduce the seemingly shy Ashley as Ash notices Pikachu in the group as well.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock sends Geodude to drop dirt on the flames.	
James	person	1	 James waves at Gloom's face, waking it up.	
James	person	1	 James sends out his Koffing to launch Poison Gas, but Gloom is unaffected by the attack, breathing it as if it were fresh air.	
James	person	1	 James asks Ash to free them, but Jessie refuses at first.	
James	person	11	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
James	person	22	 Meowth, hiding under James's disguise, pulls out a blaster ball, asking what to do with it, and Jessie orders Meowth to plant it.	
Misty	person	61	 Ash thinks Brock is wasting time and proceeds to leave, but Misty and Pikachu are not around.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Pikachu are inside the perfume store admiring the variety of aromas.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks about how much it will cost, but Ash steps inside and urges her not to waste her money.	
Misty	person	31	 Ash enters the room and finds Misty and Brock in the group.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks Erika why Gloom does not emit its horrible smell.	
Misty	person	30	 As Erika finishes the story, Misty wishes that Ash could have heard the story.	
Misty	person	56	 Ash responds in his normal voice, raising suspicion as Misty takes a closer look at Ash.	
Misty	person	58	 Ash feels guilty that he allowed Team Rocket inside, but Misty snaps him out of it.	
Misty	person	25	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Misty	person	62	 She thinks Gloom is still inside and attempts to run in, but Misty stops her.	
Water	type	68	 He sends Squirtle while Misty sends out Staryu and Starmie to fire Water Gun at the fire.	
Badge	item	84	 Though reluctant at first, Ash does not want to pass up the opportunity to get the Badge.	
Badge	item	42	 The next day, Erika presents the Rainbow Badge to Ash because he saved Gloom.	
Gym	building	42	 Ash storms away and heads to the Celadon Gym, but when he tries to enter, none of the Trainers are willing to let him in.	
Gym	building	76	 They know about his perfume distaste since the perfume originates from the Gym.	
Gym	building	58	Meanwhile, Team Rocket sets up a ladder to sneak into the Gym and steal the perfume formula.	
Gym	building	56	 She then decides to taunt Ash for not getting into the Gym.	
Gym	building	42	 Jessie offers to help Ash get inside the Gym if he releases them.	
Gym	building	57	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Gym	building	4	The Gym Trainers work out with their Grass-type Pokémon while Erika finishes telling a story to the group.	
Gym	building	42	 Ash finds out that Erika is not only the Gym Leader, but she is also the store manager that kicked him out.	
Gym	building	85	 Everyone gets outside as the fire grows out of control and threatens to destroy the Gym.	
Gym	building	28	Ash runs out of the burning Gym with Gloom in hand as everyone congratulates Ash for his bravery.	
Ash	person	14	 Everyone but Ash notice a wonderful smell in the air as Brock runs off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash finds him with his face against a store window, noticing several girls inside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thinks Brock is wasting time and proceeds to leave, but Misty and Pikachu are not around.	
Ash	person	24	 Brock points inside as Ash looks.	
Ash	person	45	 Misty asks about how much it will cost, but Ash steps inside and urges her not to waste her money.	
Ash	person	30	 The female manager confronts Ash about his negative claim, but Ash pushes it further by saying all perfumes are a waste and turn guys into zombies, pointing to Brock.	
Ash	person	64	 The female manager confronts Ash about his negative claim, but Ash pushes it further by saying all perfumes are a waste and turn guys into zombies, pointing to Brock.	
Ash	person	34	 Everyone in the store is against Ash about his remark, even his own friends, as they kick him out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash storms away and heads to the Celadon Gym, but when he tries to enter, none of the Trainers are willing to let him in.	
Ash	person	46	 The lead Trainer plants a red cross stamp on Ash's face before kicking him out and closing the doors.	
Ash	person	214	 Meowth is unaffected since he does not have a nose, but the Trainers knock Meowth out with a hammer before planting red cross marks on all three of them, taking them outside and suspending them from a tree branch.Ash runs into Team Rocket tied up in the tree.	
Ash	person	12	 James asks Ash to free them, but Jessie refuses at first.	
Ash	person	27	 She then decides to taunt Ash for not getting into the Gym.	
Ash	person	23	 Jessie offers to help Ash get inside the Gym if he releases them.	
Ash	person	28	 Though reluctant at first, Ash does not want to pass up the opportunity to get the Badge.	
Ash	person	57	 They go to the department store and Team Rocket dresses Ash up in a dress and a blonde wig.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash speaks about wanting to get back at the Trainers, but Team Rocket subtly point out that Ash needs to change his voice.	
Ash	person	93	 Ash speaks about wanting to get back at the Trainers, but Team Rocket subtly point out that Ash needs to change his voice.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash coughs and speaks again in a high-pitched voice, setting up his disguise.	
Ash	person	29	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Ash	person	71	Jessie and James dress up as Ash's parents and go to the Gym to enroll Ash in the Pokémon training classes under the name Ashley.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices that the girl registering him into the class was the same one he saw at the store, but the disguise holds and he is successfully admitted.	
Ash	person	63	 Team Rocket runs off to find the secret perfume formula while Ash unintentionally distracts the Trainers.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash enters the room and finds Misty and Brock in the group.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash finds out that Erika is not only the Gym Leader, but she is also the store manager that kicked him out.	
Ash	person	62	 Brock steps forward to introduce the seemingly shy Ashley as Ash notices Pikachu in the group as well.	
Ash	person	48	 As Erika finishes the story, Misty wishes that Ash could have heard the story.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash responds in his normal voice, raising suspicion as Misty takes a closer look at Ash.	
Ash	person	85	 Ash responds in his normal voice, raising suspicion as Misty takes a closer look at Ash.	
Ash	person	30	 Pikachu gets closer and hugs Ash's leg.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash drops the facade and challenges Erika to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	70	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur while Erika sends out Tangela, which prompts Ash to check his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Bulbasaur and Erika offers to treat it with Parlyz Heal, but he refuses and considers using Primeape, but knowing how unruly the Pokémon is, he changes his mind and sends out Charmander.	
Ash	person	18	 Erika points out Ash's lack of empathy towards his Pokémon as she sends out Gloom.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to decide between his other Pokémon on who should go, but Pikachu steps forward and offers to battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is not optimistic, but Pikachu is confident that he will win.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash feels guilty that he allowed Team Rocket inside, but Misty snaps him out of it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs in instead.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes a chance and holds his breath as he rushes into the room.	
Ash	person	174	 He gets up to Gloom, but can no longer hold his breath as he takes a breath, but he finds no smell because he remembers the story that Gloom will not stink if it feels safe.Ash runs out of the burning Gym with Gloom in hand as everyone congratulates Ash for his bravery.	
Ash	person	251	 He gets up to Gloom, but can no longer hold his breath as he takes a breath, but he finds no smell because he remembers the story that Gloom will not stink if it feels safe.Ash runs out of the burning Gym with Gloom in hand as everyone congratulates Ash for his bravery.	
Ash	person	51	 The next day, Erika presents the Rainbow Badge to Ash because he saved Gloom.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash points out the lost potion, but Erika points out that the bottle held Gloom's scent.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash now has five Badges and they move on to the next town.	
