Pokémon Breeder	person	13	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
HopHopHop Town	settlement	66	Ash and his friends arrive in a new city filled with skyscrapers, HopHopHop Town.	
Pokémon Center	building	25	 The crew arrives at the Pokémon Center, and begins asking around.	
Pokémon Center	building	23	 They head back to the Pokémon Center and cure the Pokémon there.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny pulls up to add another missing child poster, and Brock immediately volunteers to help solve the mystery.	
Officer Jenny	person	23	 Suddenly, a device on Officer Jenny's hip starts beeping.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny attempts to awaken the children from their hypnosis, but it is of no use.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is also tracking the source of the sleep waves.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 En route, Team Rocket soars down from the sky on hang gliders, reciting the motto, with a snappy, "Meowth, that's flight!	
Team Rocket	group	19	 Not yet finished, Team Rocket breaks out the whips and snares Drowzee and Hypno.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Ash calls Pidgeotto to gust Team Rocket away.	
Water-type	type	139	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy then reveals another mystery.	
Nurse Joy	person	60	 Brock suspects they dream of getting stronger and evolving.Nurse Joy then sighs that Psyduck is still holding its head.	
Poké Ball	item	113	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	11	 Ash calls Pidgeotto to gust Team Rocket away.	
HopHopHop	settlement	66	Ash and his friends arrive in a new city filled with skyscrapers, HopHopHop Town.	
the Boss	person	92	 They have arrived at this city, and they are plotting to snatch the source in order to put the Boss to sleep.	
Hypnosis	move	18	 Hypno starts its Hypnosis and she suddenly begins acting like a Seel, and runs out of the mansion, and into the park surrounding the mansion.	
Drowzee	pokemon	99	 To their surprise, there is a formal gathering of well dressed adults, and a podium on which rest Drowzee and Hypno.	
Drowzee	pokemon	35	 The adults explain that their old Drowzee finally evolved to Hypno three days ago, and they have been using Hypno's sleep waves instead of sleeping pills.	
Drowzee	pokemon	42	 They had been working hard so that their Drowzee would evolve.	
Drowzee	pokemon	37	 The head of the club suggests using Drowzee's sleep attacks to induce dream wavelengths to counteract Hypno's wavelengths.	
Drowzee	pokemon	21	Back in the mansion, Drowzee uses its ability to put Misty into a trance.	
Drowzee	pokemon	49	 Relieved that this solution worked, Ash carries Drowzee back to the clearing to cure the other children.	
Drowzee	pokemon	63	 Not yet finished, Team Rocket breaks out the whips and snares Drowzee and Hypno.	
Drowzee	pokemon	17	" Ash holds onto Drowzee while Misty cuts the whips with Staryu.	
Drowzee	pokemon	43	 With the Rockets out of the way, they use Drowzee to cure the children, who awaken, and run home.	
Psyduck	pokemon	26	Nurse Joy then sighs that Psyduck is still holding its head.	
Psyduck	pokemon	29	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck pecks the Ball, and is caught, much to Misty's dismay.	
Breeder	person	22	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 The crew arrives at the Pokémon Center, and begins asking around.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon in the center have all lost their energy as of three days ago.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 Finally, a man explains that they are the members of the Pokémon Lover's Club, who have all grown to love Hypno the most.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	However, as Brock deduces, Hypno's hypnosis is generally used on Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 When altered to affect people, it has side affects that cause Pokémon to lose energy, and possibly affect extra sensitive kids.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 It opens up into a clearing revealing not only Misty, but all the missing children, acting like Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	126	 Brock explains that the affliction, "Pokémonitis," caused by Hypno's waves, is causing all the children to believe they are Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 They head back to the Pokémon Center and cure the Pokémon there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 They head back to the Pokémon Center and cure the Pokémon there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Pokémon	pokemon	150	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Misty does not want such a boring Pokémon, and refuses.	
Pokémon	pokemon	178	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	7	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	17	" On the ground, Jessie pulls out a mirror, and they try to get Hypno to hypnotize itself.	
Jessie	person	57	 When asked why they didn't start off with this strategy Jessie remarks, "We have to fill the half hour.	
Meowth	pokemon	100	 En route, Team Rocket soars down from the sky on hang gliders, reciting the motto, with a snappy, "Meowth, that's flight!	
Staryu	pokemon	57	" Ash holds onto Drowzee while Misty cuts the whips with Staryu.	
Brock	person	65	 Officer Jenny pulls up to add another missing child poster, and Brock immediately volunteers to help solve the mystery.	
Brock	person	33	 Ash takes initiative and he and Brock burst through the door.	
Brock	person	12	However, as Brock deduces, Hypno's hypnosis is generally used on Pokémon.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock explains that the affliction, "Pokémonitis," caused by Hypno's waves, is causing all the children to believe they are Pokémon.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suspects they dream of getting stronger and evolving.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Hypno	pokemon	111	 To their surprise, there is a formal gathering of well dressed adults, and a podium on which rest Drowzee and Hypno.	
Hypno	pokemon	62	 The adults explain that their old Drowzee finally evolved to Hypno three days ago, and they have been using Hypno's sleep waves instead of sleeping pills.	
Hypno	pokemon	109	 The adults explain that their old Drowzee finally evolved to Hypno three days ago, and they have been using Hypno's sleep waves instead of sleeping pills.	
Hypno	pokemon	108	 Finally, a man explains that they are the members of the Pokémon Lover's Club, who have all grown to love Hypno the most.	
Hypno	pokemon	35	 The only cure they could find was Hypno's sleep waves.	
Hypno	pokemon	27	However, as Brock deduces, Hypno's hypnosis is generally used on Pokémon.	
Hypno	pokemon	73	 Misty, curious as to this last idea, allows herself to be hypnotized by Hypno.	
Hypno	pokemon	1	 Hypno starts its Hypnosis and she suddenly begins acting like a Seel, and runs out of the mansion, and into the park surrounding the mansion.	
Hypno	pokemon	63	 Brock explains that the affliction, "Pokémonitis," caused by Hypno's waves, is causing all the children to believe they are Pokémon.	
Hypno	pokemon	103	 The head of the club suggests using Drowzee's sleep attacks to induce dream wavelengths to counteract Hypno's wavelengths.	
Hypno	pokemon	64	" On the ground, Jessie pulls out a mirror, and they try to get Hypno to hypnotize itself.	
Hypno	pokemon	75	 Not yet finished, Team Rocket breaks out the whips and snares Drowzee and Hypno.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, curious as to this last idea, allows herself to be hypnotized by Hypno.	
Misty	person	48	 It opens up into a clearing revealing not only Misty, but all the missing children, acting like Pokémon.	
Misty	person	53	Back in the mansion, Drowzee uses its ability to put Misty into a trance.	
Misty	person	30	 Finally, it claps, awakening Misty from both the trance, and the hypnosis.	
Misty	person	31	" Ash holds onto Drowzee while Misty cuts the whips with Staryu.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wonders what they dream about.	
Misty	person	113	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty does not want such a boring Pokémon, and refuses.	
Misty	person	64	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Misty	person	48	 Psyduck pecks the Ball, and is caught, much to Misty's dismay.	
Water	type	139	 Brock, as a Pokémon Breeder, volunteers to take it, but shortly after heading out, attempts to foist it off on Misty, claiming that as a Water-type Pokémon, it should go to her.	
Poké	item	113	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
Seel	pokemon	65	 Hypno starts its Hypnosis and she suddenly begins acting like a Seel, and runs out of the mansion, and into the park surrounding the mansion.	
Boss	person	96	 They have arrived at this city, and they are plotting to snatch the source in order to put the Boss to sleep.	
Ash	person	94	 As they are walking the streets, a woman runs up, calling for her son, Arnold, and embracing Ash by mistake.	
Ash	person	6	 Once Ash clears up the misunderstanding, the crew learns that the woman's son, Arnold, as well as many other children have all disappeared.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is reminded of his own mother and takes it upon himself to solve the mystery.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and the group track the sleep waves to the roof of an enormous skyscraper.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes initiative and he and Brock burst through the door.	
Ash	person	37	 Relieved that this solution worked, Ash carries Drowzee back to the clearing to cure the other children.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, with some fast thinking, throws a potted plant, smashing the mirror.	
Ash	person	2	" Ash holds onto Drowzee while Misty cuts the whips with Staryu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Pidgeotto to gust Team Rocket away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pokédex reports that Psyduck always has a headache, and Misty, in a fit of shock trips over a rock and a Poké Ball rolls out of her bag in front of the unfortunate Duck Pokémon.	
