Pokémon Breeder	person	19	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Scissor Street	region	41	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Frankenstein	person	105	 Misty screams that she will never tell Team Rocket anything, but James threatens to paint her face like Frankenstein if she does not.	
ThunderShock	move	17	 Ash calls for a ThunderShock, but the spinning of Koffing and Ekans makes their extravagant outfits deflect the lightning.	
Flamethrower	move	94	 Vulpix is understandably annoyed by this interruption of its afternoon nap and reacts with a Flamethrower directed at Misty's face.	
Seismic Toss	move	16	 Brock orders a Seismic Toss, and Geodude carries Ekans into the air and flings it down.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 It is then that it is revealed that Team Rocket is running the salon.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket drag her in for a makeover of her own, her protests that Psyduck was the one who needed the makeover falling upon deaf ears.	
Team Rocket	group	40	 Misty screams that she will never tell Team Rocket anything, but James threatens to paint her face like Frankenstein if she does not.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 They make their way back to Salon Roquet, where they face off against Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	30	They are startled to see what Team Rocket has done to Misty's face, but Team Rocket defends the bizarre makeover, claiming they are conducting "important beauty research" on her.	
Team Rocket	group	72	They are startled to see what Team Rocket has done to Misty's face, but Team Rocket defends the bizarre makeover, claiming they are conducting "important beauty research" on her.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 This starts an argument between Suzie and Team Rocket about whether beauty is on the inside or the outside.	
Team Rocket	group	42	 Meowth, however, interrupts by revealing Team Rocket's fraudulent intentions.Team Rocket offers a trade: Misty for Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	78	 Meowth, however, interrupts by revealing Team Rocket's fraudulent intentions.Team Rocket offers a trade: Misty for Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, however, has prepared for this, and pushes a button on a microphone, which reveals their latest invention, the Salon Roquet Battling Platform.	
Team Rocket	group	8	 But as Team Rocket's Pokémon are sent in to finish them off, Ekans and Koffing end up tripping over their outfits, halting the attack.	
Team Rocket	group	157	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Team Rocket	group	14	 Behind them, Team Rocket goes running past, pursued by a crowd of their angry former customers.	
Fire-type	type	49	 Brock gratefully accepts, and obtains the small Fire-type.	
Fire Spin	move	136	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Chansey	pokemon	89	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	Later, Suzie serves tea for the three while Pikachu happily munches on some food.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Suzie compliments Pikachu's shiny coat, and asks if Brock made his food.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu offers Vulpix the piece he was eating, and Vulpix accepts it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	131	 She explains that if a Pokémon has been injured in a battle, it should be given a therapeutic massage, which she demonstrates on Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	Meowth then mentions Pikachu, tipping Misty off to his identity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu signals that Misty is in danger, and takes off with Brock, Ash, and Suzie behind him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	Team Rocket offers a trade: Misty for Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Pikachu, and Brock uses Geodude.	
Pikachu	pokemon	92	 However, Ekans turns the momentum of the throw into a spinning wheel strike and slams into Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	54	 James then orders a "Sludge makeover", blinding both Pikachu and Geodude.	
Koffing	pokemon	99	 Misty, with Ash in tow, pauses outside of one venue in particular to examine a poster featuring a Koffing and Ekans adorned with a number of gaudy accessories.	
Koffing	pokemon	66	 To begin the battle, Jessie sends out Ekans, and James sends out Koffing, both of which are still dressed in their ridiculous outfits.	
Koffing	pokemon	51	 Ash calls for a ThunderShock, but the spinning of Koffing and Ekans makes their extravagant outfits deflect the lightning.	
Koffing	pokemon	73	 But as Team Rocket's Pokémon are sent in to finish them off, Ekans and Koffing end up tripping over their outfits, halting the attack.	
Psyduck	pokemon	86	 Ash jokingly suggests that, if fashion is so important to Misty, she should take her Psyduck over to Salon Roquet.	
Psyduck	pokemon	37	 Misty loves the idea, and calls out Psyduck, much to Ash's amusement.	
Psyduck	pokemon	136	 He complains that he is too busy counting the money they have made, but then realizes there is only one customer left: Misty, with her Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	70	 Team Rocket drag her in for a makeover of her own, her protests that Psyduck was the one who needed the makeover falling upon deaf ears.	
Psyduck	pokemon	61	 Thinking that over for a moment, she suddenly realizes that Psyduck has gone missing.	
Psyduck	pokemon	10	 In fact, Psyduck has run back to Suzie's salon, where it goes into a panic.	
Trainer	person	101	 This leads to an argument between Ash and Misty about what is more important for a Pokémon and its Trainer: the inside or the outside.	
Trainer	person	96	 As Suzie, Ash, and Brock demonstrate the importance of good communication between Pokémon and Trainer, Trainers arriving from Salon Roquet begin to doubt if they made the right choice.	
Geodude	pokemon	39	 Ash sends out Pikachu, and Brock uses Geodude.	
Geodude	pokemon	34	 Brock orders a Seismic Toss, and Geodude carries Ekans into the air and flings it down.	
Geodude	pokemon	66	 James then orders a "Sludge makeover", blinding both Pikachu and Geodude.	
Breeder	person	96	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Breeder	person	28	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Pokémon	pokemon	153	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex while Misty approaches the sleeping Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 Suzie explains that she too got into Pokémon breeding because of her interest in Pokémon nutrition.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 Suzie explains that she too got into Pokémon breeding because of her interest in Pokémon nutrition.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	Misty then mentions all the flashily dressed Pokémon they saw outside.	
Pokémon	pokemon	102	 Suzie points out that ever since Salon Roquet opened up, Trainers have been focusing on making their Pokémon look as flashy as possible.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Ash says that looking flashy is dumb, but Misty counters that even Pokémon like to dress up once in a while.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 This leads to an argument between Ash and Misty about what is more important for a Pokémon and its Trainer: the inside or the outside.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	 Soon thereafter, Suzie gives a lecture on Pokémon breeding and treatment.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	 She explains that if a Pokémon has been injured in a battle, it should be given a therapeutic massage, which she demonstrates on Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 As Suzie, Ash, and Brock demonstrate the importance of good communication between Pokémon and Trainer, Trainers arriving from Salon Roquet begin to doubt if they made the right choice.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	 But as Team Rocket's Pokémon are sent in to finish them off, Ekans and Koffing end up tripping over their outfits, halting the attack.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Meowth tries to help the tangled Pokémon, but Vulpix cuts in.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Pokémon	pokemon	87	 The crowd, taking the words to heart, begin to remove all the flashy items from their Pokémon and wipe off the applied makeup.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 She plans to leave the salon for a while and go on a journey to learn what it truly means to be a Pokémon breeder.	
Pokédex	item	23	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex while Misty approaches the sleeping Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	28	Meanwhile, at Salon Roquet, Jessie orders Meowth to send in the next customer.	
Jessie	person	75	 She loves the bright and flashy results, however, and asks the undercover Jessie and James to continue.	
Jessie	person	22	 To begin the battle, Jessie sends out Ekans, and James sends out Koffing, both of which are still dressed in their ridiculous outfits.	
Meowth	pokemon	42	Meanwhile, at Salon Roquet, Jessie orders Meowth to send in the next customer.	
Meowth	pokemon	104	 She loves the bright and flashy results, however, and asks the undercover Jessie and James to continue.Meowth then mentions Pikachu, tipping Misty off to his identity.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, however, interrupts by revealing Team Rocket's fraudulent intentions.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries to help the tangled Pokémon, but Vulpix cuts in.	
Sludge	move	22	 James then orders a "Sludge makeover", blinding both Pikachu and Geodude.	
Vulpix	pokemon	144	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Vulpix	pokemon	1	 Vulpix is understandably annoyed by this interruption of its afternoon nap and reacts with a Flamethrower directed at Misty's face.	
Vulpix	pokemon	22	 During this exchange Vulpix suddenly leaps up to the bowl of food, sniffing at it curiously.	
Vulpix	pokemon	16	 Pikachu offers Vulpix the piece he was eating, and Vulpix accepts it.	
Vulpix	pokemon	52	 Pikachu offers Vulpix the piece he was eating, and Vulpix accepts it.	
Vulpix	pokemon	41	 This surprises Suzie, who explains that Vulpix usually does not eat anything she has not made herself.	
Vulpix	pokemon	48	 Meowth tries to help the tangled Pokémon, but Vulpix cuts in.	
Vulpix	pokemon	101	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Vulpix	pokemon	67	 Suzie says that Brock is the first person other than herself that Vulpix has shown affection to, and asks that Brock take care of Vulpix for her while she is on her journey.	
Vulpix	pokemon	131	 Suzie says that Brock is the first person other than herself that Vulpix has shown affection to, and asks that Brock take care of Vulpix for her while she is on her journey.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Brock	person	116	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Brock	person	134	 Debating whether or not to join the throng of apparently eager customers vying to get inside the Salon Roquet, she is interrupted by Brock who announces that he has "found it".	
Brock	person	141	 Ash and Misty follow him the short distance to a storefront that is much less crowded and rather bland compared to its neighbors, whereupon Brock is suddenly struck by a fit of apparent nervousness and freezes.	
Brock	person	115	 Oblivious, Ash and Misty enter first and are greeted by a feminine voice that serves the added effect of snapping Brock back to reality.	
Brock	person	132	 Vulpix is understandably annoyed by this interruption of its afternoon nap and reacts with a Flamethrower directed at Misty's face.Brock, who has been unusually silent up to this point, suddenly blurts out that he wants to become Suzie's pupil.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock explains that Suzie is a highly accomplished breeder who he idolizes.	
Brock	person	53	 Suzie compliments Pikachu's shiny coat, and asks if Brock made his food.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock replies that he did, and Misty explains that it is Brock's own recipe.	
Brock	person	58	 Brock replies that he did, and Misty explains that it is Brock's own recipe.	
Brock	person	66	After Misty leaves, Suzie expresses doubt in her own methods, but Brock and Ash quickly reassure her.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suggests a way in which Suzie can compete with the growing popularity of salons like Salon Roquet: by combining style and substance.	
Brock	person	4	 As Brock had hoped, Suzie's lecture starts to draw the crowd away from Salon Roquet.	
Brock	person	20	 As Suzie, Ash, and Brock demonstrate the importance of good communication between Pokémon and Trainer, Trainers arriving from Salon Roquet begin to doubt if they made the right choice.	
Brock	person	61	 Pikachu signals that Misty is in danger, and takes off with Brock, Ash, and Suzie behind him.	
Brock	person	28	 Ash sends out Pikachu, and Brock uses Geodude.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock orders a Seismic Toss, and Geodude carries Ekans into the air and flings it down.	
Brock	person	182	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.Brock takes this opportune moment to explain to the crowd that there was first-hand proof that a cute exterior hides inner strength.	
Brock	person	17	 Suzie says that Brock is the first person other than herself that Vulpix has shown affection to, and asks that Brock take care of Vulpix for her while she is on her journey.	
Brock	person	112	 Suzie says that Brock is the first person other than herself that Vulpix has shown affection to, and asks that Brock take care of Vulpix for her while she is on her journey.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock gratefully accepts, and obtains the small Fire-type.	
Brock	person	28	Soon enough, Ash, Misty and Brock are on their way once again, standing to wave goodbye to Suzie.	
James	person	86	 She loves the bright and flashy results, however, and asks the undercover Jessie and James to continue.	
James	person	66	 Misty screams that she will never tell Team Rocket anything, but James threatens to paint her face like Frankenstein if she does not.	
James	person	50	 To begin the battle, Jessie sends out Ekans, and James sends out Koffing, both of which are still dressed in their ridiculous outfits.	
James	person	1	 James then orders a "Sludge makeover", blinding both Pikachu and Geodude.	
Suzie	person	63	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Suzie	person	99	Brock, who has been unusually silent up to this point, suddenly blurts out that he wants to become Suzie's pupil.	
Suzie	person	33	 Everyone is shocked, especially Suzie.	
Suzie	person	21	 Brock explains that Suzie is a highly accomplished breeder who he idolizes.	
Suzie	person	7	Later, Suzie serves tea for the three while Pikachu happily munches on some food.	
Suzie	person	1	 Suzie compliments Pikachu's shiny coat, and asks if Brock made his food.	
Suzie	person	1	 Suzie explains that she too got into Pokémon breeding because of her interest in Pokémon nutrition.	
Suzie	person	16	 This surprises Suzie, who explains that Vulpix usually does not eat anything she has not made herself.	
Suzie	person	1	 Suzie points out that ever since Salon Roquet opened up, Trainers have been focusing on making their Pokémon look as flashy as possible.	
Suzie	person	20	After Misty leaves, Suzie expresses doubt in her own methods, but Brock and Ash quickly reassure her.	
Suzie	person	31	 Brock suggests a way in which Suzie can compete with the growing popularity of salons like Salon Roquet: by combining style and substance.	
Suzie	person	18	 Soon thereafter, Suzie gives a lecture on Pokémon breeding and treatment.	
Suzie	person	21	 As Brock had hoped, Suzie's lecture starts to draw the crowd away from Salon Roquet.	
Suzie	person	4	 As Suzie, Ash, and Brock demonstrate the importance of good communication between Pokémon and Trainer, Trainers arriving from Salon Roquet begin to doubt if they made the right choice.	
Suzie	person	34	 In fact, Psyduck has run back to Suzie's salon, where it goes into a panic.	
Suzie	person	77	 Pikachu signals that Misty is in danger, and takes off with Brock, Ash, and Suzie behind him.	
Suzie	person	33	 This starts an argument between Suzie and Team Rocket about whether beauty is on the inside or the outside.	
Suzie	person	1	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Suzie	person	19	Back at her salon, Suzie thanks Ash and his friends for helping her regain confidence in her beliefs.	
Suzie	person	1	 Suzie says that Brock is the first person other than herself that Vulpix has shown affection to, and asks that Brock take care of Vulpix for her while she is on her journey.	
Suzie	person	91	Soon enough, Ash, Misty and Brock are on their way once again, standing to wave goodbye to Suzie.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock find themselves on Scissor Street, a location colloquially referred to as Breeder's Lane that Brock explains is well known for its Pokémon salons and beauty parlors.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, with Ash in tow, pauses outside of one venue in particular to examine a poster featuring a Koffing and Ekans adorned with a number of gaudy accessories.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty follow him the short distance to a storefront that is much less crowded and rather bland compared to its neighbors, whereupon Brock is suddenly struck by a fit of apparent nervousness and freezes.	
Misty	person	20	 Oblivious, Ash and Misty enter first and are greeted by a feminine voice that serves the added effect of snapping Brock back to reality.	
Misty	person	107	Inside they meet a Pokémon Breeder, who introduces herself as Suzie, gently massaging a Chansey; however, Misty has shifted her attention to a Vulpix that is fast asleep on a chair.	
Misty	person	38	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex while Misty approaches the sleeping Pokémon.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, obviously enthralled by the cute creature, scoops it up in her arms while offering numerous compliments.	
Misty	person	119	 Vulpix is understandably annoyed by this interruption of its afternoon nap and reacts with a Flamethrower directed at Misty's face.	
Misty	person	32	 Brock replies that he did, and Misty explains that it is Brock's own recipe.	
Misty	person	103	 This surprises Suzie, who explains that Vulpix usually does not eat anything she has not made herself.Misty then mentions all the flashily dressed Pokémon they saw outside.	
Misty	person	43	 Ash says that looking flashy is dumb, but Misty counters that even Pokémon like to dress up once in a while.	
Misty	person	43	 This leads to an argument between Ash and Misty about what is more important for a Pokémon and its Trainer: the inside or the outside.	
Misty	person	59	 Ash jokingly suggests that, if fashion is so important to Misty, she should take her Psyduck over to Salon Roquet.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty loves the idea, and calls out Psyduck, much to Ash's amusement.	
Misty	person	6	After Misty leaves, Suzie expresses doubt in her own methods, but Brock and Ash quickly reassure her.	
Misty	person	120	 He complains that he is too busy counting the money they have made, but then realizes there is only one customer left: Misty, with her Psyduck.	
Misty	person	38	Meowth then mentions Pikachu, tipping Misty off to his identity.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty screams that she will never tell Team Rocket anything, but James threatens to paint her face like Frankenstein if she does not.	
Misty	person	22	 Pikachu signals that Misty is in danger, and takes off with Brock, Ash, and Suzie behind him.	
Misty	person	54	They are startled to see what Team Rocket has done to Misty's face, but Team Rocket defends the bizarre makeover, claiming they are conducting "important beauty research" on her.	
Misty	person	28	Team Rocket offers a trade: Misty for Pikachu.	
Misty	person	25	 Meanwhile, Ash looks at Misty's made-up face again and cracks up laughing, angering her.	
Misty	person	18	Soon enough, Ash, Misty and Brock are on their way once again, standing to wave goodbye to Suzie.	
Ekans	pokemon	111	 Misty, with Ash in tow, pauses outside of one venue in particular to examine a poster featuring a Koffing and Ekans adorned with a number of gaudy accessories.	
Ekans	pokemon	39	 To begin the battle, Jessie sends out Ekans, and James sends out Koffing, both of which are still dressed in their ridiculous outfits.	
Ekans	pokemon	50	 Brock orders a Seismic Toss, and Geodude carries Ekans into the air and flings it down.	
Ekans	pokemon	10	 However, Ekans turns the momentum of the throw into a spinning wheel strike and slams into Pikachu.	
Ekans	pokemon	63	 Ash calls for a ThunderShock, but the spinning of Koffing and Ekans makes their extravagant outfits deflect the lightning.	
Ekans	pokemon	63	 But as Team Rocket's Pokémon are sent in to finish them off, Ekans and Koffing end up tripping over their outfits, halting the attack.	
Fire	type	136	 Suzie calls that if you only focus on outer beauty, a Pokémon's inner strength will be lost, which Vulpix drives home with a powerful Fire Spin that sends Team Rocket blasting off.	
Fire	type	49	 Brock gratefully accepts, and obtains the small Fire-type.	
Ash	person	13	 Misty, with Ash in tow, pauses outside of one venue in particular to examine a poster featuring a Koffing and Ekans adorned with a number of gaudy accessories.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty follow him the short distance to a storefront that is much less crowded and rather bland compared to its neighbors, whereupon Brock is suddenly struck by a fit of apparent nervousness and freezes.	
Ash	person	12	 Oblivious, Ash and Misty enter first and are greeted by a feminine voice that serves the added effect of snapping Brock back to reality.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans it with his Pokédex while Misty approaches the sleeping Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that looking flashy is dumb, but Misty counters that even Pokémon like to dress up once in a while.	
Ash	person	35	 This leads to an argument between Ash and Misty about what is more important for a Pokémon and its Trainer: the inside or the outside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash jokingly suggests that, if fashion is so important to Misty, she should take her Psyduck over to Salon Roquet.	
Ash	person	54	 Misty loves the idea, and calls out Psyduck, much to Ash's amusement.	
Ash	person	76	After Misty leaves, Suzie expresses doubt in her own methods, but Brock and Ash quickly reassure her.	
Ash	person	11	 As Suzie, Ash, and Brock demonstrate the importance of good communication between Pokémon and Trainer, Trainers arriving from Salon Roquet begin to doubt if they made the right choice.	
Ash	person	68	 Pikachu signals that Misty is in danger, and takes off with Brock, Ash, and Suzie behind him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash refuses and challenges them to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Pikachu, and Brock uses Geodude.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls for a ThunderShock, but the spinning of Koffing and Ekans makes their extravagant outfits deflect the lightning.	
Ash	person	32	Back at her salon, Suzie thanks Ash and his friends for helping her regain confidence in her beliefs.	
Ash	person	12	 Meanwhile, Ash looks at Misty's made-up face again and cracks up laughing, angering her.	
Ash	person	13	Soon enough, Ash, Misty and Brock are on their way once again, standing to wave goodbye to Suzie.	
