Ash's Primeape	pokemon	42	 The first battle is between a Machop and Ash's Primeape.	
Ash's Primeape	pokemon	43	Then the highly anticipated battle between Ash's Primeape versus the stolen Hitmonlee takes place.	
P1 Grand Prix	event	78	 The man tells his daughter, Rebecca, that he won't quit until he becomes the P1 Grand Prix champion.	
P1 Grand Prix	event	94	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
P1 Grand Prix	event	7	At the P1 Grand Prix, all the competitors are ready.	
P1 Grand Prix	event	33	 Primeape has now become the new P1 Grand Prix Champion.	
Fighting-type	type	62	 He suddenly stops by a nearby tree, while a girl watches the Fighting-type from behind.	
Seismic Toss	move	74	 Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring.	
Seismic Toss	move	13	 It uses its Seismic Toss and wins the match.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket gets wind of the Grand Prix as well.	
Team Rocket	group	130	 "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Meanwhile, Meowth and the rest of Team Rocket are baffled as to why the bomb didn't explode.	
Team Rocket	group	60	 Just at that moment, however, the bomb activates, shocking Team Rocket before exploding, sending them blasting off yet again.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	57	 As it approaches, it is discovered that the figure is a Hitmonchan.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	54	 Ash and his friends are amazed, thinking it's a wild Hitmonchan.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	41	 Ash tells Pikachu that if he can defeat Hitmonchan, he will be a world champion Pokémon.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	15	Ash challenges Hitmonchan, and Pikachu is wearing little boxing gloves.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	1	 Hitmonchan smirks at this, but Ash tells Pikachu to attack.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	36	 Pikachu sends a glowing glove into Hitmonchan's face.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	28	 A man runs over, and tells Hitmonchan he should not let his guard down, then tells him to knock out that Pokémon.Hitmonchan creams Ash's little Pikachu.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	115	 A man runs over, and tells Hitmonchan he should not let his guard down, then tells him to knock out that Pokémon.Hitmonchan creams Ash's little Pikachu.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	49	 Much to Ash's disappointment, it was not a wild Hitmonchan.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	135	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	64	As more battles take place throughout the tournament, Primeape, Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee rise to the top of the ladder.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	32	 The next main match is between Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	1	 Hitmonchan steps on the glue and gets stuck, so Anthony has to throw in the towel.	
Mega Kick	move	95	 Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	30	 They spot a tall man and his Hitmonlee, which James identifies as the Kicking Fiend.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	18	The next match is Hitmonlee versus Geodude.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	79	As more battles take place throughout the tournament, Primeape, Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee rise to the top of the ladder.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	47	 The next main match is between Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	76	Then the highly anticipated battle between Ash's Primeape versus the stolen Hitmonlee takes place.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	43	 Primeape blocks multiple rapid kicks from Hitmonlee and manages to sneak through a few hits.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	29	Meanwhile, back on the stage Hitmonlee jumps up, as per the plan, Meowth hits the button on the controls, but the bomb does not explode.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	1	 Hitmonlee falls down, and Primeape grabs him.	
Fighting	type	62	 He suddenly stops by a nearby tree, while a girl watches the Fighting-type from behind.	
Fighting	type	33	 When James points out that only Fighting Pokémon can enter, Jessie says that they will have to "borrow" one.	
Primeape	pokemon	98	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Primeape	pokemon	48	 The first battle is between a Machop and Ash's Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	22	 Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring.	
Primeape	pokemon	97	 Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape gives Ash a sad look, then shakes it off and jumps back into the ring.	
Primeape	pokemon	23	 Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.	
Primeape	pokemon	26	 Ash promises that he and Primeape will take care of the tournament from that point forward.	
Primeape	pokemon	54	As more battles take place throughout the tournament, Primeape, Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee rise to the top of the ladder.	
Primeape	pokemon	49	Then the highly anticipated battle between Ash's Primeape versus the stolen Hitmonlee takes place.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape blocks multiple rapid kicks from Hitmonlee and manages to sneak through a few hits.	
Primeape	pokemon	27	 Hitmonlee falls down, and Primeape grabs him.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape has now become the new P1 Grand Prix Champion.	
Primeape	pokemon	25	 Ash says he is proud of Primeape.	
Primeape	pokemon	108	 Anthony says it has a lot of natural talent, and offers to train it for Ash; he promises that he will make Primeape a true P1 Champion.	
Primeape	pokemon	11	Ash leaves Primeape with Anthony to train and take care of.	
Primeape	pokemon	1	 Primeape then gets teary-eyed, but Ash assures Primeape that they will be together again someday.	
Primeape	pokemon	48	 Primeape then gets teary-eyed, but Ash assures Primeape that they will be together again someday.	
Anthony	person	58	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
Anthony	person	119	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Anthony	person	1	 Anthony approaches, telling Brock that a real man knows when to admit defeat.	
Anthony	person	49	 Hitmonchan steps on the glue and gets stuck, so Anthony has to throw in the towel.	
Anthony	person	1	 Anthony says he is sorry he worried Rebecca and her mother.	
Anthony	person	1	 Anthony says it has a lot of natural talent, and offers to train it for Ash; he promises that he will make Primeape a true P1 Champion.	
Anthony	person	25	Ash leaves Primeape with Anthony to train and take care of.	
Scratch	move	83	 Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Pikachu that if he can defeat Hitmonchan, he will be a world champion Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 However, Pikachu just imagines himself getting beaten up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Ash says that he will teach Pikachu his secret punch.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	Ash challenges Hitmonchan, and Pikachu is wearing little boxing gloves.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 Hitmonchan smirks at this, but Ash tells Pikachu to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu sends a glowing glove into Hitmonchan's face.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 He rubs the spot where he was hit, and Pikachu gets scared.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	Hitmonchan creams Ash's little Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	69	 Under the arena Meowth tries to pull off another cheating move, but Pikachu spots him and decides to get moving.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then turns up and gives the bomb to Meowth, who thanks Pikachu for finding it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	64	 Pikachu then turns up and gives the bomb to Meowth, who thanks Pikachu for finding it.	
Rebecca	person	29	 The man tells his daughter, Rebecca, that he won't quit until he becomes the P1 Grand Prix champion.	
Rebecca	person	19	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
Rebecca	person	17	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Rebecca	person	16	 Brock waves to Rebecca, saying everything is under control.	
Rebecca	person	11	 Suddenly, Rebecca tells him to look out, and Brock is hit in the head with his own Pokémon.	
Rebecca	person	37	 Anthony says he is sorry he worried Rebecca and her mother.	
Trainer	person	89	 She calls the man her dad, and begs him to come home, and to give up trying to become a Trainer.	
Geodude	pokemon	86	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Geodude	pokemon	35	The next match is Hitmonlee versus Geodude.	
Geodude	pokemon	10	 He sends Geodude back into the ring, where it is kicked mercilessly.	
Geodude	pokemon	46	 Brock throws in the towel, and apologizes to Geodude for making it battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 Ash tells Pikachu that if he can defeat Hitmonchan, he will be a world champion Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 A man runs over, and tells Hitmonchan he should not let his guard down, then tells him to knock out that Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 When James points out that only Fighting Pokémon can enter, Jessie says that they will have to "borrow" one.	
Pokémon	pokemon	18	 He then asks his Pokémon if it's okay.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 Suddenly, Rebecca tells him to look out, and Brock is hit in the head with his own Pokémon.	
Machop	pokemon	31	 The first battle is between a Machop and Ash's Primeape.	
Machop	pokemon	56	 Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring.	
Machop	pokemon	71	 Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie then gets mad at them.	
Jessie	person	62	 When James points out that only Fighting Pokémon can enter, Jessie says that they will have to "borrow" one.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie is ready for anything and to make sure they win.	
Jessie	person	93	 "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James then try to recite their motto, although the latter, due to obvious strain from trying to carry Jessie, ends up collapsing before he can even finish.	
Jessie	person	114	 Jessie and James then try to recite their motto, although the latter, due to obvious strain from trying to carry Jessie, ends up collapsing before he can even finish.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth, on the other hand, want to win for the all-you-can-eat buffet.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth squirts glue up through the floor of the arena.	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 Under the arena Meowth tries to pull off another cheating move, but Pikachu spots him and decides to get moving.	
Meowth	pokemon	15	 He finds that Meowth has planted a bomb on the stage.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	Meanwhile, back on the stage Hitmonlee jumps up, as per the plan, Meowth hits the button on the controls, but the bomb does not explode.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth and the rest of Team Rocket are baffled as to why the bomb didn't explode.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Pikachu then turns up and gives the bomb to Meowth, who thanks Pikachu for finding it.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock are curious about this, and question when Ash became a boxing expert.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty are watching while Ash gives commands.	
Brock	person	30	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock waves to Rebecca, saying everything is under control.	
Brock	person	46	 Suddenly, Rebecca tells him to look out, and Brock is hit in the head with his own Pokémon.	
Brock	person	29	 Anthony approaches, telling Brock that a real man knows when to admit defeat.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock throws in the towel, and apologizes to Geodude for making it battle.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth, on the other hand, want to win for the all-you-can-eat buffet.	
James	person	6	 When James points out that only Fighting Pokémon can enter, Jessie says that they will have to "borrow" one.	
James	person	47	 They spot a tall man and his Hitmonlee, which James identifies as the Kicking Fiend.	
James	person	47	 "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James then try to recite their motto, although the latter, due to obvious strain from trying to carry Jessie, ends up collapsing before he can even finish.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock are curious about this, and question when Ash became a boxing expert.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty are watching while Ash gives commands.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says that the fighting brought a family back together.	
Giant	person	2	 "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise.	
Prix	event	87	 The man tells his daughter, Rebecca, that he won't quit until he becomes the P1 Grand Prix champion.	
Prix	event	103	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
Prix	event	46	Meanwhile, Team Rocket gets wind of the Grand Prix as well.	
Prix	event	16	At the P1 Grand Prix, all the competitors are ready.	
Prix	event	42	 Primeape has now become the new P1 Grand Prix Champion.	
Gym	building	49	 He then informs everyone that he will be at his Gym and leaves.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends are amazed, thinking it's a wild Hitmonchan.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Pikachu that if he can defeat Hitmonchan, he will be a world champion Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that he will teach Pikachu his secret punch.	
Ash	person	59	 Misty and Brock are curious about this, and question when Ash became a boxing expert.Ash challenges Hitmonchan, and Pikachu is wearing little boxing gloves.	
Ash	person	86	 Misty and Brock are curious about this, and question when Ash became a boxing expert.Ash challenges Hitmonchan, and Pikachu is wearing little boxing gloves.	
Ash	person	32	 Hitmonchan smirks at this, but Ash tells Pikachu to attack.	
Ash	person	36	 Brock and Misty are watching while Ash gives commands.	
Ash	person	18	Hitmonchan creams Ash's little Pikachu.	
Ash	person	9	 Much to Ash's disappointment, it was not a wild Hitmonchan.	
Ash	person	28	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
Ash	person	55	 Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.	
Ash	person	42	 The first battle is between a Machop and Ash's Primeape.	
Ash	person	9	 Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash rushes to save it, but misses.	
Ash	person	16	 Primeape gives Ash a sad look, then shakes it off and jumps back into the ring.	
Ash	person	18	 Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash promises that he and Primeape will take care of the tournament from that point forward.	
Ash	person	35	 "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise.	
Ash	person	43	Then the highly anticipated battle between Ash's Primeape versus the stolen Hitmonlee takes place.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says he is proud of Primeape.	
Ash	person	73	 Anthony says it has a lot of natural talent, and offers to train it for Ash; he promises that he will make Primeape a true P1 Champion.	
Ash	person	126	 Just at that moment, however, the bomb activates, shocking Team Rocket before exploding, sending them blasting off yet again.Ash leaves Primeape with Anthony to train and take care of.	
Ash	person	36	 Primeape then gets teary-eyed, but Ash assures Primeape that they will be together again someday.	
P1	event	78	 The man tells his daughter, Rebecca, that he won't quit until he becomes the P1 Grand Prix champion.	
P1	event	94	After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family.	
P1	event	7	At the P1 Grand Prix, all the competitors are ready.	
P1	event	33	 Primeape has now become the new P1 Grand Prix Champion.	
P1	event	124	 Anthony says it has a lot of natural talent, and offers to train it for Ash; he promises that he will make Primeape a true P1 Champion.	
