Pokémon Center	building	52	Ash wears rubber gloves as he rushes Pikachu to the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon Center	building	76	 Meowth tells them to dive into the water and swim through the pipes to the Pokémon Center, but they refuse.	
Officer Jenny	person	13	 They ask an Officer Jenny for directions, as Pikachu comes out of the nearby bushes.	
Thunder Shock	move	18	 Pikachu uses his Thunder Shock attack to knock out some of the Grimer, but it's not good enough.	
Thunder Shock	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Thunder Shock	move	77	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Professor Oak	person	14	Meanwhile, at Professor Oak's lab, a Poké Ball arrives from Ash.	
Professor Oak	person	4	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Professor Oak	person	82	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Gringey City	settlement	45	Ash, Misty, and Brock make their way through Gringey City.	
Gringey City	settlement	39	As Ash and the others prepare to leave Gringey City, they mention that the Grimer horde was a sign that the town needed to be cleaned up and suggest that if the residents clean up the air and water, they'll restore the city to its former glory.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 This causes the power supply to Team Rocket's scuba equipment to go dead.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket's plan is to use the magnet to capture Pikachu due to the fact that his body is now magnetized.	
Magnemite	pokemon	44	 Ash looks it up on the Pokédex and it's a Magnemite, the Magnet Pokémon.	
Magnemite	pokemon	37	 Ash decides to try to catch it, but Magnemite only seems interested in Pikachu.	
Magnemite	pokemon	1	 Magnemite seems to be in love with Pikachu for some reason.	
Magnemite	pokemon	17	Ash yells at the Magnemite to cut it out, and the Magnemite backs off.	
Magnemite	pokemon	50	Ash yells at the Magnemite to cut it out, and the Magnemite backs off.	
Magnemite	pokemon	15	 Suddenly, the Magnemite knocks out the grating above them, and several Magnemite and Magneton arrive.	
Magnemite	pokemon	72	 Suddenly, the Magnemite knocks out the grating above them, and several Magnemite and Magneton arrive.	
Magnemite	pokemon	52	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Magnemite	pokemon	5	 The Magnemite is no longer interested in Pikachu.	
Magnemite	pokemon	1	 Magnemite was in love with Pikachu because he was magnetized, but Magnemite has no interest in a non-magnetized electric mouse.	
Magnemite	pokemon	67	 Magnemite was in love with Pikachu because he was magnetized, but Magnemite has no interest in a non-magnetized electric mouse.	
Magnemite	pokemon	32	 When they activate the magnet, Magnemite and Magneton from all over town are sucked onto the magnet.	
Magnemite	pokemon	23	 The weight of all the Magnemite and Magneton cause the sub to sink.	
Nurse Joy	person	3	 A Nurse Joy comes out of a nearby room, yawning.	
Poké Ball	item	82	 The combined electric attacks knock the Muk unconscious, and Ash catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	76	 To his discontent, he realizes that the smell of the Muk comes through the Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	37	Meanwhile, at Professor Oak's lab, a Poké Ball arrives from Ash.	
Poké Ball	item	57	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Gyarados	pokemon	2	A Gyarados submarine comes out of the water with a large magnet attached to it.	
Magneton	pokemon	86	 Suddenly, the Magnemite knocks out the grating above them, and several Magnemite and Magneton arrive.	
Magneton	pokemon	46	 When they activate the magnet, Magnemite and Magneton from all over town are sucked onto the magnet.	
Magneton	pokemon	37	 The weight of all the Magnemite and Magneton cause the sub to sink.	
Gringey	settlement	45	Ash, Misty, and Brock make their way through Gringey City.	
Gringey	settlement	39	As Ash and the others prepare to leave Gringey City, they mention that the Grimer horde was a sign that the town needed to be cleaned up and suggest that if the residents clean up the air and water, they'll restore the city to its former glory.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	 Ash notices that Pikachu is acting weird.	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	Ash wears rubber gloves as he rushes Pikachu to the Pokémon Center.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 It's late at night and she dismisses Pikachu's condition as a cold.	
Pikachu	pokemon	94	 When Ash yells at her for not being very helpful, she explains that the sparks coming out of Pikachu's cheeks are an early symptom of a cold in electric rodent Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 She suggests that they leave Pikachu there for the night, and he will be fine in the morning.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu cries out as they leave.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 They ask an Officer Jenny for directions, as Pikachu comes out of the nearby bushes.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	Misty realizes that Pikachu is afraid that they won't come back for him later, so Ash decides to let him come along.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu jumps into Ash's arms and Ash gets shocked as the shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby bush.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 The shadowy figure appears behind Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	72	 Ash decides to try to catch it, but Magnemite only seems interested in Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Magnemite seems to be in love with Pikachu for some reason.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu run.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses his Thunder Shock attack to knock out some of the Grimer, but it's not good enough.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu seems to be a lot better now.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 The Magnemite is no longer interested in Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Magnemite was in love with Pikachu because he was magnetized, but Magnemite has no interest in a non-magnetized electric mouse.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 Team Rocket's plan is to use the magnet to capture Pikachu due to the fact that his body is now magnetized.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 What they don't know is that Pikachu is no longer magnetized.	
Thunder	move	18	 Pikachu uses his Thunder Shock attack to knock out some of the Grimer, but it's not good enough.	
Thunder	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Thunder	move	77	 Pikachu uses Thunder Shock, and Pikachu's obsessed Magnemite assists with a Thunder Shock of its own.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 A shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby alley.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	Ash wears rubber gloves as he rushes Pikachu to the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	 Meowth tells them to dive into the water and swim through the pipes to the Pokémon Center, but they refuse.	
Pokémon	pokemon	161	 When Ash yells at her for not being very helpful, she explains that the sparks coming out of Pikachu's cheeks are an early symptom of a cold in electric rodent Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	 There are also several Pokémon in the intensive care unit at the Center, and if the power is not restored soon, bad things will happen!	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Pikachu jumps into Ash's arms and Ash gets shocked as the shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby bush.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Ash looks it up on the Pokédex and it's a Magnemite, the Magnet Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	24	 Ash looks it up on the Pokédex and it's a Magnemite, the Magnet Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James begin to do the motto, then complain about the horrible smell instead.	
Jessie	person	21	Somehow, Meowth gets Jessie and James back on the surface level as they gasp for air.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth watches them enter from a periscope deep in the sewers.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth gives them scuba suits to wear, and says he'll stay there to pump them oxygen and fresh air.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tells them to dive into the water and swim through the pipes to the Pokémon Center, but they refuse.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth pushes a button which delivers the hapless humans an electric shock.	
Meowth	pokemon	9	Somehow, Meowth gets Jessie and James back on the surface level as they gasp for air.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth watches as Ash, Misty, and Brock race past the alley they are hiding in.	
Grimer	pokemon	35	At the same time, a large group of Grimer block the water flow into the hydroelectric power plant, causing the power to go out.	
Grimer	pokemon	77	 They turn around to see a grating fall off the ceiling, followed by several Grimer.	
Grimer	pokemon	96	 Ash pretends to compliment their unique smell, but Misty says it stinks, and the leader of the Grimer, a Muk, rises from behind them.	
Grimer	pokemon	30	 With a command from Muk, the Grimer attack.	
Grimer	pokemon	5	 The Grimer approach, and they all start running for the control room.	
Grimer	pokemon	38	 One of the workers explains that the Grimer are clogging the sea intake, preventing the power from coming back on.	
Grimer	pokemon	4	The Grimer bust down the door.	
Grimer	pokemon	64	 Pikachu uses his Thunder Shock attack to knock out some of the Grimer, but it's not good enough.	
Grimer	pokemon	64	 Their combined electric attack is enough to chase away all the Grimer.	
Grimer	pokemon	36	 They also manage to get rid of the Grimer blocking the flow of water into the power plant, and the power is restored.	
Grimer	pokemon	75	As Ash and the others prepare to leave Gringey City, they mention that the Grimer horde was a sign that the town needed to be cleaned up and suggest that if the residents clean up the air and water, they'll restore the city to its former glory.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock make their way through Gringey City.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to head for the power plant to try to do something.	
Brock	person	35	 Meowth watches as Ash, Misty, and Brock race past the alley they are hiding in.	
Brock	person	74	 After a philosophical discussion about Misty's cowardice, both Misty and Brock spot something behind Ash.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock decides that it would be best not to say anything to insult their pride.	
Brock	person	13	 Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu run.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James begin to do the motto, then complain about the horrible smell instead.	
James	person	32	Somehow, Meowth gets Jessie and James back on the surface level as they gasp for air.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock make their way through Gringey City.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to head for the power plant to try to do something.	
Misty	person	85	 They ask an Officer Jenny for directions, as Pikachu comes out of the nearby bushes.Misty realizes that Pikachu is afraid that they won't come back for him later, so Ash decides to let him come along.	
Misty	person	24	 Meowth watches as Ash, Misty, and Brock race past the alley they are hiding in.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty looks at a map and points out the direction to the central control room.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty gets spooked as something flies behind her.	
Misty	person	40	 After a philosophical discussion about Misty's cowardice, both Misty and Brock spot something behind Ash.	
Misty	person	64	 After a philosophical discussion about Misty's cowardice, both Misty and Brock spot something behind Ash.	
Misty	person	52	 Ash pretends to compliment their unique smell, but Misty says it stinks, and the leader of the Grimer, a Muk, rises from behind them.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu run.	
Poké	item	82	 The combined electric attacks knock the Muk unconscious, and Ash catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	76	 To his discontent, he realizes that the smell of the Muk comes through the Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	37	Meanwhile, at Professor Oak's lab, a Poké Ball arrives from Ash.	
Poké	item	57	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices that Pikachu is acting weird.	
Ash	person	48	 A shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby alley.Ash wears rubber gloves as he rushes Pikachu to the Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	55	 They reluctantly enter the sludge water of the sewers.Ash rings the bell at the desk.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash yells at her for not being very helpful, she explains that the sparks coming out of Pikachu's cheeks are an early symptom of a cold in electric rodent Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to head for the power plant to try to do something.	
Ash	person	82	Misty realizes that Pikachu is afraid that they won't come back for him later, so Ash decides to let him come along.	
Ash	person	20	 Pikachu jumps into Ash's arms and Ash gets shocked as the shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby bush.	
Ash	person	35	 Pikachu jumps into Ash's arms and Ash gets shocked as the shadowy Pokémon watches from a nearby bush.	
Ash	person	19	 Meowth watches as Ash, Misty, and Brock race past the alley they are hiding in.	
Ash	person	102	 After a philosophical discussion about Misty's cowardice, both Misty and Brock spot something behind Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks it up on the Pokédex and it's a Magnemite, the Magnet Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to try to catch it, but Magnemite only seems interested in Pikachu.	
Ash	person	60	 Magnemite seems to be in love with Pikachu for some reason.Ash yells at the Magnemite to cut it out, and the Magnemite backs off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pretends to compliment their unique smell, but Misty says it stinks, and the leader of the Grimer, a Muk, rises from behind them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu run.	
Ash	person	62	 The combined electric attacks knock the Muk unconscious, and Ash catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and the others prepare to leave Gringey City, they mention that the Grimer horde was a sign that the town needed to be cleaned up and suggest that if the residents clean up the air and water, they'll restore the city to its former glory.	
Ash	person	61	Meanwhile, at Professor Oak's lab, a Poké Ball arrives from Ash.	
Ash	person	31	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Oak	person	24	Meanwhile, at Professor Oak's lab, a Poké Ball arrives from Ash.	
Oak	person	14	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Oak	person	92	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
Muk	pokemon	106	 Ash pretends to compliment their unique smell, but Misty says it stinks, and the leader of the Grimer, a Muk, rises from behind them.	
Muk	pokemon	21	 With a command from Muk, the Grimer attack.	
Muk	pokemon	13	However, the Muk leader remains.	
Muk	pokemon	41	 The combined electric attacks knock the Muk unconscious, and Ash catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Muk	pokemon	54	 To his discontent, he realizes that the smell of the Muk comes through the Poké Ball.	
Muk	pokemon	126	 As Professor Oak wonders what Ash caught this time, the Poké Ball opens up, and Professor Oak covers his nose in disgust as Muk appears.	
