Pokémon Trainer	person	26	 They are looking for any Pokémon Trainer to help them get rid of the Diglett.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	29	 Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	78	 He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	59	 Gary steps forward and says for everyone to watch the top Pokémon Trainer at work.	
Pokémon Master	person	64	 Gary says that he needs to continue on his journey to become a Pokémon Master, and drives away in the car.	
Pallet Town	settlement	42	 He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pallet Town	settlement	31	 He calls himself the loser of Pallet Town, and breaks down.	
Fuchsia Gym	building	101	Ash and his friends travel on a pathway through some mountains, as they figure out how to get to the Fuchsia Gym.	
Fuchsia Gym	building	21	 Brock comments that Fuchsia Gym should be right over the mountain, but realizes that they are surrounded by many mountains.	
Fuchsia Gym	building	38	 Ash and his friends head off towards Fuchsia Gym.	
Team Rocket	group	26	 Elsewhere in the forest, Team Rocket is having a picnic and getting ready to eat their lunch.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket all wonder where that explosion came from.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket's food spilled all over them, as they are very upset that they didn't even get to eat their food.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket comments that it's a lot of destruction, but they didn't even cause it.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket comments that they are Pokémon Trainers, and that if they win the stay at the resort, that they would love some rest and relaxation.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket calculates that there would be a lot of Pokémon that the Trainers have, that they could steal.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is reading about how to evolve their Pokémon, and find out that Pokémon must have a lot of experience before they can evolve.	
Team Rocket	group	4	 As Team Rocket hugs their Pokémon and cry, their tears touch both Pokémon as they turn white and begin to evolve.	
Team Rocket	group	118	 The foreman decides that they will stop their work on the dam, as Diglett and Dugtrio continue working in the garden.Team Rocket shows up and does their motto as Meowth interrupts them by saying that they know the rest.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 Music plays in the background, and fireworks go off, as Team Rocket prepares to attack.	
Team Rocket	group	54	 Diglett and Dugtrio say their name a few times, with Team Rocket saying it once.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket looks scared, as the group comes toward them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket and their Pokémon ride on top of the Diglett and Dugtrio group and act as if they are surfing.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket sees the dam up ahead, and crash into it and hit the ground hard.	
Team Rocket	group	27	Ash and Misty comment that Team Rocket never do learn their lesson or catch a break.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket comes out of the ground, as a sign falls on their head.	
Thunderbolt	move	45	 Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack.	
Charmander	pokemon	26	 Ash brings out Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur to attack them.	
Poké Ball	item	72	 His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett.	
Poké Ball	item	41	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Poké Ball	item	78	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Poké Ball	item	21	 Gary throws another Poké Ball which contains his strongest Pokémon.	
Poké Ball	item	39	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Poké Ball	item	58	 Pikachu tries to stop Ash, but he had already thrown the Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	42	 Squirtle also refuses to come out of its Poké Ball.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	42	 Ash brings out Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur to attack them.	
Squirtle	pokemon	59	 Ash says that since they are underground, he will use his Squirtle to face the Diglett.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle also refuses to come out of its Poké Ball.	
Squirtle	pokemon	16	 Ash brings out Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur to attack them.	
Diglett	pokemon	31	 Pikachu hears Pokémon saying Diglett over and over from underneath the ground.	
Diglett	pokemon	3	 A Diglett pops out of the ground, as Pikachu greets it, and Diglett goes back underground.	
Diglett	pokemon	61	 A Diglett pops out of the ground, as Pikachu greets it, and Diglett goes back underground.	
Diglett	pokemon	64	 Ash and his friends go to him, as he tells them to look at the Diglett in the distance.	
Diglett	pokemon	5	 The Diglett are dropping in and out of the ground, as Misty comments that they are very cute.	
Diglett	pokemon	47	 The foreman yells at Misty, and says that the Diglett are preventing them from building a dam.	
Diglett	pokemon	11	 Ash scans Diglett with his Pokédex which says that people can recognize their movement them from the upturned earth.	
Diglett	pokemon	114	 The foreman says that it is a part of building the dam, and that they cannot get supplies through because of the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	108	The foreman explains that they came up with a special division to come up with strategies to get rid of the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	71	 They are looking for any Pokémon Trainer to help them get rid of the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	123	 Brock asks the girls for phone numbers, addresses, or email addresses, while the foreman begs for someone to go after the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	42	 Gary and his girls drive off to stop the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	56	The foreman shows a large pull-down sheet that has a no-Diglett picture on it.	
Diglett	pokemon	10	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Diglett	pokemon	86	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Diglett	pokemon	13	 He sees the Diglett coming, as they take down a truck.	
Diglett	pokemon	46	 His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	117	 His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	59	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Diglett	pokemon	17	 Gary thanks the Diglett, but realizes that it wasn't supposed to happen that way.	
Diglett	pokemon	148	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	63	 Everyone else throws all of their Poké Balls, but all of the Diglett give them back to their Trainers.	
Diglett	pokemon	34	 Misty comments that at least the Diglett are polite, as Brock adds that they are also unstoppable.	
Diglett	pokemon	80	 Ash says that since they are underground, he will use his Squirtle to face the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	108	 Gary says that none of the Pokémon will come out, and that for some reason they do not want to battle the Diglett.	
Diglett	pokemon	30	 The foreman tries to hit the Diglett with a hammer, but Gary says it won't work since the Diglett may not be super strong, but they are really fast.	
Diglett	pokemon	91	 The foreman tries to hit the Diglett with a hammer, but Gary says it won't work since the Diglett may not be super strong, but they are really fast.	
Diglett	pokemon	158	 Gary says that since none of the Pokémon want to battle, there is no reason for them to stay unless they want to see the foreman continue to try to hit the Diglett with a hammer.	
Diglett	pokemon	63	 Ash asks Pikachu why that is, and Pikachu points to where the Diglett are.	
Diglett	pokemon	30	 While they are following the Diglett, they pass by the foreman who keeps trying to hit the Diglett with a hammer.	
Diglett	pokemon	92	 While they are following the Diglett, they pass by the foreman who keeps trying to hit the Diglett with a hammer.	
Diglett	pokemon	44	 Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.	
Diglett	pokemon	111	 Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.	
Diglett	pokemon	64	Ash and his friends look on as they see Dugtrio dig around, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Diglett	pokemon	32	 Brock comments that it must be Diglett and Dugtrio's home.	
Diglett	pokemon	115	 He explains that they play and work together on that mountain range, with Dugtrio plowing through the ground, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Diglett	pokemon	161	 He also explains that the whole mountain range was built by them, and that maybe more gardens, forests, and mountain ranges across the world were also built by Diglett and Dugtrio.	
Diglett	pokemon	67	 The foreman decides that they will stop their work on the dam, as Diglett and Dugtrio continue working in the garden.	
Diglett	pokemon	1	 Diglett and Dugtrio say their name a few times, with Team Rocket saying it once.	
Diglett	pokemon	17	 Underground the Diglett and Dugtrio are beating up Arbok and Weezing, as they come out of the ground with bumps and are knocked out.	
Diglett	pokemon	1	 Diglett and Dugtrio pop out of the ground, and form a tall group of them with mud.	
Diglett	pokemon	51	 Team Rocket and their Pokémon ride on top of the Diglett and Dugtrio group and act as if they are surfing.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	123	 Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	40	Ash and his friends look on as they see Dugtrio dig around, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	11	 Ash scans Dugtrio with his Pokédex.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	44	 Brock comments that it must be Diglett and Dugtrio's home.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	75	 He explains that they play and work together on that mountain range, with Dugtrio plowing through the ground, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	173	 He also explains that the whole mountain range was built by them, and that maybe more gardens, forests, and mountain ranges across the world were also built by Diglett and Dugtrio.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	79	 The foreman decides that they will stop their work on the dam, as Diglett and Dugtrio continue working in the garden.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	13	 Diglett and Dugtrio say their name a few times, with Team Rocket saying it once.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	29	 Underground the Diglett and Dugtrio are beating up Arbok and Weezing, as they come out of the ground with bumps and are knocked out.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	13	 Diglett and Dugtrio pop out of the ground, and form a tall group of them with mud.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	63	 Team Rocket and their Pokémon ride on top of the Diglett and Dugtrio group and act as if they are surfing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu hears Pokémon saying Diglett over and over from underneath the ground.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 A Diglett pops out of the ground, as Pikachu greets it, and Diglett goes back underground.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to stop Ash, but he had already thrown the Poké Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 Ash asks Pikachu if that is what's going on, and Pikachu nods yes.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 Ash asks Pikachu if that is what's going on, and Pikachu nods yes.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 Ash asks Pikachu why that is, and Pikachu points to where the Diglett are.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 Ash asks Pikachu why that is, and Pikachu points to where the Diglett are.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack.	
Koffing	pokemon	36	 They realize though that with only Koffing and Ekans, they can't possibly take on all of their Pokémon.	
Koffing	pokemon	77	 They say that Pokémon change when they evolve, and that they've known both Koffing and Ekans for a long time.	
Koffing	pokemon	43	 James introduces his new Pokémon, as his Koffing has evolved into Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	68	 James introduces his new Pokémon, as his Koffing has evolved into Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack.	
Weezing	pokemon	31	 Arbok digs underground, while Weezing follows it.	
Weezing	pokemon	62	 Underground the Diglett and Dugtrio are beating up Arbok and Weezing, as they come out of the ground with bumps and are knocked out.	
Trainer	person	35	 They are looking for any Pokémon Trainer to help them get rid of the Diglett.	
Trainer	person	38	 Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth.	
Trainer	person	87	 He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer.	
Trainer	person	68	 Gary steps forward and says for everyone to watch the top Pokémon Trainer at work.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 Pikachu hears Pokémon saying Diglett over and over from underneath the ground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	 They are looking for any Pokémon Trainer to help them get rid of the Diglett.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Ash tells him that they are able Pokémon Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	126	 The foreman thinks that they were the ones called in, as Gary arrives with a few trucks behind him and says that the invited Pokémon Trainers have arrived.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	78	 He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	156	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	 Ash asks if they are Pokémon, as Brock hits him in the head and tells him to not be dumb.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Team Rocket comments that they are Pokémon Trainers, and that if they win the stay at the resort, that they would love some rest and relaxation.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 A large rock breaks off from the wall of a cliff, as the foreman addresses the Pokémon Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Team Rocket calculates that there would be a lot of Pokémon that the Trainers have, that they could steal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	 They realize though that with only Koffing and Ekans, they can't possibly take on all of their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 They look sad, as they try to figure out how to go after the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Pokémon	pokemon	113	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Gary steps forward and says for everyone to watch the top Pokémon Trainer at work.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	 His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Gary throws another Poké Ball which contains his strongest Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Gary says that none of the Pokémon will come out, and that for some reason they do not want to battle the Diglett.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Gary says that since none of the Pokémon want to battle, there is no reason for them to stay unless they want to see the foreman continue to try to hit the Diglett with a hammer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	64	 Gary says that he needs to continue on his journey to become a Pokémon Master, and drives away in the car.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Misty says that she can't understand why the Pokémon wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is reading about how to evolve their Pokémon, and find out that Pokémon must have a lot of experience before they can evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is reading about how to evolve their Pokémon, and find out that Pokémon must have a lot of experience before they can evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 They say that Pokémon change when they evolve, and that they've known both Koffing and Ekans for a long time.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 They ask how can they evolve them as they hug the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 As Team Rocket hugs their Pokémon and cry, their tears touch both Pokémon as they turn white and begin to evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 As Team Rocket hugs their Pokémon and cry, their tears touch both Pokémon as they turn white and begin to evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 The foreman comments that if they finish the dam, then the whole mountain range would get flooded and no Pokémon would be able to live there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 They realize that the Pokémon figured that out before they did, and that's why they wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Brock comments that they have a lot to learn about the ways of the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 As they wear Japanese outfits, hold fans, and fireworks go off above, they begin to introduce their new Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 Jessie introduces her new Pokémon, as her Ekans has evolved into Arbok.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	 James introduces his new Pokémon, as his Koffing has evolved into Weezing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Team Rocket and their Pokémon ride on top of the Diglett and Dugtrio group and act as if they are surfing.	
Pokédex	item	28	 Ash scans Diglett with his Pokédex which says that people can recognize their movement them from the upturned earth.	
Pokédex	item	28	 Ash scans Dugtrio with his Pokédex.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says that she is having Chinese food, James says that he's just having tea and crumpets, and Meowth says that he will have no food since he is getting a gut, and is working out.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says that her name is Jessie, with no one to hear her say it.	
Jessie	person	30	 Jessie says that her name is Jessie, with no one to hear her say it.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says that they are in a good enough mood to share with them a special treat.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie introduces her new Pokémon, as her Ekans has evolved into Arbok.	
Meowth	pokemon	101	 Jessie says that she is having Chinese food, James says that he's just having tea and crumpets, and Meowth says that he will have no food since he is getting a gut, and is working out.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth makes a phone call and asks if he could be switched to a less embarrassing team, as a loud wind passes them by.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth suggests a sneak attack, but they say that it always fails.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth comments that their time to evolve is now.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	Team Rocket shows up and does their motto as Meowth interrupts them by saying that they know the rest.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock comments that Fuchsia Gym should be right over the mountain, but realizes that they are surrounded by many mountains.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks the foreman if the blasting is a part of building the dam.	
Brock	person	35	 Ash asks if they are Pokémon, as Brock hits him in the head and tells him to not be dumb.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks who the girls are, and Gary explains that they are friends of his.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks the girls if they want to go out with him some time, and they all respond by saying yes sir.	
Brock	person	21	 Misty comments that Brock is over the hill.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks the girls for phone numbers, addresses, or email addresses, while the foreman begs for someone to go after the Diglett.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock doesn't get their phone numbers, while Ash says that he can't let Gary beat him.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tells him not to get worked up about Gary, and that he can still catch up to him.	
Brock	person	57	 Misty comments that at least the Diglett are polite, as Brock adds that they are also unstoppable.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock never was able to get the girls' phone numbers.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock comments that it must be Diglett and Dugtrio's home.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock comments that they have a lot to learn about the ways of the Pokémon.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says that they are in luck, that Fuchsia City is just over the mountains.	
James	person	46	 Jessie says that she is having Chinese food, James says that he's just having tea and crumpets, and Meowth says that he will have no food since he is getting a gut, and is working out.	
James	person	1	 James introduces his new Pokémon, as his Koffing has evolved into Weezing.	
Misty	person	55	 The Diglett are dropping in and out of the ground, as Misty comments that they are very cute.	
Misty	person	22	 The foreman yells at Misty, and says that the Diglett are preventing them from building a dam.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that it looks like a mini earthquake.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that Brock is over the hill.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that at least the Diglett are polite, as Brock adds that they are also unstoppable.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says that she can't understand why the Pokémon wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls.	
Misty	person	8	Ash and Misty comment that Team Rocket never do learn their lesson or catch a break.	
Ekans	pokemon	48	 They realize though that with only Koffing and Ekans, they can't possibly take on all of their Pokémon.	
Ekans	pokemon	89	 They say that Pokémon change when they evolve, and that they've known both Koffing and Ekans for a long time.	
Ekans	pokemon	44	 Jessie introduces her new Pokémon, as her Ekans has evolved into Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	67	 Jessie introduces her new Pokémon, as her Ekans has evolved into Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	61	 Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok digs underground, while Weezing follows it.	
Arbok	pokemon	52	 Underground the Diglett and Dugtrio are beating up Arbok and Weezing, as they come out of the ground with bumps and are knocked out.	
Poké	item	72	 His cheerleaders say that he doesn't dig the Diglett, as he throws his Poké Ball to bring out a Pokémon to battle Diglett.	
Poké	item	41	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Poké	item	78	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Poké	item	21	 Gary throws another Poké Ball which contains his strongest Pokémon.	
Poké	item	39	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Poké	item	86	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Poké	item	35	 Everyone else throws all of their Poké Balls, but all of the Diglett give them back to their Trainers.	
Poké	item	58	 Pikachu tries to stop Ash, but he had already thrown the Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	42	 Squirtle also refuses to come out of its Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	82	 Misty says that she can't understand why the Pokémon wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls.	
Poké	item	113	 They realize that the Pokémon figured that out before they did, and that's why they wouldn't come out of their Poké Balls.	
Gary	person	58	 The foreman thinks that they were the ones called in, as Gary arrives with a few trucks behind him and says that the invited Pokémon Trainers have arrived.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary notices Ash, and says that it must be a coincidence that he is there since only the best Trainers such as himself were invited.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.Gary says that if he's going to show anything off, it would be his personal fan club.	
Gary	person	81	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.Gary says that if he's going to show anything off, it would be his personal fan club.	
Gary	person	165	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.Gary says that if he's going to show anything off, it would be his personal fan club.	
Gary	person	35	 Brock asks who the girls are, and Gary explains that they are friends of his.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary and his girls drive off to stop the Diglett.	
Gary	person	73	 Brock doesn't get their phone numbers, while Ash says that he can't let Gary beat him.	
Gary	person	44	 Brock tells him not to get worked up about Gary, and that he can still catch up to him.	
Gary	person	53	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Gary	person	11	 Ash calls Gary a show off that thinks he knows everything.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary steps forward and says for everyone to watch the top Pokémon Trainer at work.	
Gary	person	97	 The Pokémon refuses to come out of its Poké Ball as the Diglett brings the Poké Ball back to Gary.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary thanks the Diglett, but realizes that it wasn't supposed to happen that way.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary throws another Poké Ball which contains his strongest Pokémon.	
Gary	person	61	 The Pokémon does not come out of its Poké Ball, prompting Gary to throw all of his Poké Balls as the foreman begs for someone to get rid of the Diglett.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary says that none of the Pokémon will come out, and that for some reason they do not want to battle the Diglett.	
Gary	person	57	 The foreman tries to hit the Diglett with a hammer, but Gary says it won't work since the Diglett may not be super strong, but they are really fast.	
Gary	person	15	 Ash says that Gary must have really been studying, as Gary replies that he has, unlike Ash.	
Gary	person	55	 Ash says that Gary must have really been studying, as Gary replies that he has, unlike Ash.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary says that since none of the Pokémon want to battle, there is no reason for them to stay unless they want to see the foreman continue to try to hit the Diglett with a hammer.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary says that he needs to continue on his journey to become a Pokémon Master, and drives away in the car.	
Smog	move	22	 Weezing attacks with Smog, and Pikachu uses Thunderbolt but Arbok dodges the attack.	
Bug	type	36	 He calls Diglett a great parasitic Bug Pokémon, as Gary corrects him by saying that Diglett is called the mole Pokémon, and at eight inches tall and two pounds, it cannot be called a great anything.	
Gym	building	109	Ash and his friends travel on a pathway through some mountains, as they figure out how to get to the Fuchsia Gym.	
Gym	building	29	 Brock comments that Fuchsia Gym should be right over the mountain, but realizes that they are surrounded by many mountains.	
Gym	building	46	 Ash and his friends head off towards Fuchsia Gym.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, his friends, and Team Rocket all wonder where that explosion came from.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends go to him, as he tells them to look at the Diglett in the distance.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans Diglett with his Pokédex which says that people can recognize their movement them from the upturned earth.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments that he doesn't see any upturned earth.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells him that they are able Pokémon Trainers.	
Ash	person	14	 Gary notices Ash, and says that it must be a coincidence that he is there since only the best Trainers such as himself were invited.	
Ash	person	60	 Gary calls himself the best Pokémon Trainer and says that Ash is fourth.	
Ash	person	14	 He says that Ash was the fourth to leave Pallet Town and is ranked last as a Pokémon Trainer.	
Ash	person	11	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.	
Ash	person	53	 Gary asks Ash if he has caught any good Pokémon as Ash offers to show him, but Gary says no thanks and that only amateur Pokémon Trainers show off their Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks if they are Pokémon, as Brock hits him in the head and tells him to not be dumb.	
Ash	person	46	 Brock doesn't get their phone numbers, while Ash says that he can't let Gary beat him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments that there are a lot of Trainers, as the foreman yells to him to listen and not talk.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash didn't like that he didn't call him by name.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Gary a show off that thinks he knows everything.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that since they are underground, he will use his Squirtle to face the Diglett.	
Ash	person	23	 Pikachu tries to stop Ash, but he had already thrown the Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Pikachu if that is what's going on, and Pikachu nods yes.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that Gary must have really been studying, as Gary replies that he has, unlike Ash.	
Ash	person	88	 Ash says that Gary must have really been studying, as Gary replies that he has, unlike Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that he doesn't like him.	
Ash	person	12	That night, Ash and his friends are taking a bath in some hot water outside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Pikachu why that is, and Pikachu points to where the Diglett are.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends follow them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.Ash and his friends look on as they see Dugtrio dig around, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Ash	person	131	 Ash and his friends continue to follow the Diglett that are bringing small trees to a mountain range just for Diglett and Dugtrio.Ash and his friends look on as they see Dugtrio dig around, and Diglett planting the trees.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans Dugtrio with his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells them that they are not in the mood to deal with them today.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur to attack them.	
Ash	person	78	 Team Rocket sees the dam up ahead, and crash into it and hit the ground hard.Ash and Misty comment that Team Rocket never do learn their lesson or catch a break.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments that their stay wasn't a waste after all.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends head off towards Fuchsia Gym.	
