Sleep Powder	move	31	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Flamethrower	move	63	 Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower.	
Fuchsia Gym	building	64	Ash, Misty, and Brock are trekking through a forest looking for Fuchsia Gym, when they decide to take a break at a lake.	
Fuchsia Gym	building	49	 Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 At that point, Team Rocket arrives and send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 However, Team Rocket uses more of their sticky goop to reel in the entire pack of Voltorb.	
Team Rocket	group	88	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Soul Badge	item	74	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Leech Seed	move	37	 Bulbasaur then finishes it off with Leech Seed.	
Charmander	pokemon	92	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	37	 Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower.	
Charmander	pokemon	28	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Charmander	pokemon	168	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Charmander	pokemon	13	 Ash chooses Charmander and Koga chooses Golbat.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Gym Leader	person	81	 Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader.	
Stun Spore	move	25	 Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind.	
Stun Spore	move	29	 Koga orders Venomoth to use Stun Spore.	
Stun Spore	move	21	 This time, however, Stun Spore wins out and paralyzes Pidgeotto.	
Stun Spore	move	15	 Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower.	
Tail Whip	move	40	 Ash consults the Pokédex, which lists Tail Whip.	
Tail Whip	move	28	 Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry).	
Confusion	move	83	 Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion.	
Poké Ball	item	91	 Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball.	
Fire Spin	move	42	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	13	Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	81	 Ash responds to this the same way he did in his battle against Aya, by ordering Pidgeotto to use Whirlwind.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	55	 This time, however, Stun Spore wins out and paralyzes Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	69	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	13	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle but Venonat jumps out of the way.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	50	 Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur then finishes it off with Leech Seed.	
Whirlwind	move	74	 Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind.	
Whirlwind	move	98	 Ash responds to this the same way he did in his battle against Aya, by ordering Pidgeotto to use Whirlwind.	
Venomoth	pokemon	75	 As if to drive the point home, Venonat chooses that moment to evolve into Venomoth.	
Venomoth	pokemon	13	 Koga orders Venomoth to use Stun Spore.	
Venomoth	pokemon	1	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Venomoth	pokemon	1	 Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower.	
Venomoth	pokemon	53	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Venomoth	pokemon	158	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Scratch	move	50	 The Pokédex then lists Psyduck's second move as Scratch.	
Scratch	move	32	 On Misty's order, Psyduck uses Scratch on Arbok.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 They sit by a lake with Pikachu, Vulpix and Psyduck.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then steps up, only to meet the same fate from Jessie.	
Pikachu	pokemon	184	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Venonat	pokemon	33	 As they head off for the Gym, a Venonat watches them from the trees.	
Venonat	pokemon	26	 There, they see the same Venonat that was spying on them before.	
Venonat	pokemon	31	 He accepts, and she sends out Venonat.	
Venonat	pokemon	27	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle but Venonat jumps out of the way.	
Venonat	pokemon	1	 Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind.	
Venonat	pokemon	13	 Aya returns Venonat and a Voltorb appears and selfdestructs.	
Venonat	pokemon	65	Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat.	
Venonat	pokemon	28	 Having just defeated Aya's Venonat, Ash is noticeably confident.	
Venonat	pokemon	34	 However, Koga warns Ash that his Venonat has a lot more experience.	
Venonat	pokemon	32	 As if to drive the point home, Venonat chooses that moment to evolve into Venomoth.	
Venonat	pokemon	40	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Venonat	pokemon	149	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Voltorb	pokemon	27	 Aya returns Venonat and a Voltorb appears and selfdestructs.	
Voltorb	pokemon	92	 Koga then pulls a cord, opening up panels in the ceiling, and unleashing a large amount of Voltorb on the trio.	
Voltorb	pokemon	83	 However, Team Rocket uses more of their sticky goop to reel in the entire pack of Voltorb.	
Weezing	pokemon	59	 At that point, Team Rocket arrives and send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Psyduck	pokemon	45	 They sit by a lake with Pikachu, Vulpix and Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	13	 Misty tells Psyduck that drinking cold water will only make its headache worse.	
Psyduck	pokemon	136	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	43	 Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball.	
Psyduck	pokemon	48	 Misty, seething with rage, asks Ash what moves Psyduck knows.	
Psyduck	pokemon	13	 Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry).	
Psyduck	pokemon	39	 Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry).	
Psyduck	pokemon	25	 The Pokédex then lists Psyduck's second move as Scratch.	
Psyduck	pokemon	19	 On Misty's order, Psyduck uses Scratch on Arbok.	
Psyduck	pokemon	50	 Not only does this not work, Arbok begins biting Psyduck's head, worsening its headache.	
Psyduck	pokemon	17	 At that moment, Psyduck amazes everyone by using a variety of psychic powers to freeze Team Rocket, blast them off, and remove the sticky gunk from Venonat, Venomoth, Charmander, and Pikachu.	
Psyduck	pokemon	35	 Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	38	 Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world.	
Psyduck	pokemon	91	 Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world.	
Starmie	pokemon	30	 Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball.	
Disable	move	71	 Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion.	
Pokédex	item	18	 Ash consults the Pokédex, which lists Tail Whip.	
Pokédex	item	5	 The Pokédex then lists Psyduck's second move as Scratch.	
Pokédex	item	7	 Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion.	
Jessie	person	56	 Pikachu then steps up, only to meet the same fate from Jessie.	
Golbat	pokemon	41	 Ash chooses Charmander and Koga chooses Golbat.	
Golbat	pokemon	20	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Tackle	move	16	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle but Venonat jumps out of the way.	
Vulpix	pokemon	34	 They sit by a lake with Pikachu, Vulpix and Psyduck.	
Vulpix	pokemon	30	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Vulpix	pokemon	125	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Spore	move	30	 Venonat then launches a Stun Spore attack, which Bulbasaur deflects with Whirlwind.	
Spore	move	34	 Koga orders Venomoth to use Stun Spore.	
Spore	move	26	 This time, however, Stun Spore wins out and paralyzes Pidgeotto.	
Spore	move	20	 Venomoth uses Stun Spore again, but Charmander blocks it with Flamethrower.	
Sleep	item	31	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are trekking through a forest looking for Fuchsia Gym, when they decide to take a break at a lake.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Brock	person	104	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock hear him yell, and go through the door to find an empty room.	
James	person	90	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Ember	move	32	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Suzie	person	57	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are trekking through a forest looking for Fuchsia Gym, when they decide to take a break at a lake.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Psyduck that drinking cold water will only make its headache worse.	
Misty	person	72	 Brock mentions how wonderful Vulpix's hair is thanks to Suzie, causing Misty to get annoyed and ask if Brock wants to trade Vulpix for Psyduck.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty leans against a wall and falls through it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock hear him yell, and go through the door to find an empty room.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, seething with rage, asks Ash what moves Psyduck knows.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry).	
Misty	person	104	 Misty tells Psyduck to use Tail Whip; Psyduck wags its tail to no effect whatsoever (aside from making Misty more angry).	
Misty	person	4	 On Misty's order, Psyduck uses Scratch on Arbok.	
Misty	person	50	 Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world.	
Badge	item	79	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Arbok	pokemon	49	 At that point, Team Rocket arrives and send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Arbok	pokemon	43	 On Misty's order, Psyduck uses Scratch on Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	30	 Not only does this not work, Arbok begins biting Psyduck's head, worsening its headache.	
Fire	type	42	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Koga	person	1	 Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader.	
Koga	person	28	Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat.	
Koga	person	10	 However, Koga warns Ash that his Venonat has a lot more experience.	
Koga	person	1	 Koga orders Venomoth to use Stun Spore.	
Koga	person	15	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Koga	person	1	 Koga then pulls a cord, opening up panels in the ceiling, and unleashing a large amount of Voltorb on the trio.	
Koga	person	1	 Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world.	
Koga	person	10	" Ash and Koga continue their battle outside.	
Koga	person	28	 Ash chooses Charmander and Koga chooses Golbat.	
Koga	person	57	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
Poké	item	91	 Misty then tries to send out Starmie, but Psyduck chooses that moment to break out of its Poké Ball.	
Aya	person	39	 Then a girl who identifies herself as Aya falls down onto them.	
Aya	person	1	 Aya says that she will not let them go until Ash and her have a battle.	
Aya	person	1	 Aya returns Venonat and a Voltorb appears and selfdestructs.	
Aya	person	9	 He says Aya is his sister and that he will battle Ash, and not let them go until he does.	
Aya	person	22	 Having just defeated Aya's Venonat, Ash is noticeably confident.	
Aya	person	64	 Ash responds to this the same way he did in his battle against Aya, by ordering Pidgeotto to use Whirlwind.	
Aya	person	6	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Aya	person	10	 Koga and Aya both offer to trade for Psyduck but Misty declines, saying "I wouldn't trade Psyduck for the world.	
Gym	building	72	Ash, Misty, and Brock are trekking through a forest looking for Fuchsia Gym, when they decide to take a break at a lake.	
Gym	building	26	 As they head off for the Gym, a Venonat watches them from the trees.	
Gym	building	57	 Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader.	
Gym	building	81	 Koga appears, and explains that they are at the Fuchsia Gym, and that he is the Gym Leader.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends continue walking, they end up at an odd-looking mansion where they stop to ask directions.	
Ash	person	54	 It runs around a corner, and when they run after it, Ash hits his face on an invisible wall.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then falls out of the side of the house and is hanging on.	
Ash	person	39	 The others manage to pull him up, and Ash starts to go through the door.	
Ash	person	15	 They call for Ash, and the door closes behind them to reveal him stuck to a wall with throwing stars.	
Ash	person	46	 Aya says that she will not let them go until Ash and her have a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	51	 He says Aya is his sister and that he will battle Ash, and not let them go until he does.Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat.	
Ash	person	90	 He says Aya is his sister and that he will battle Ash, and not let them go until he does.Ash sends in Pidgeotto, and Koga responds by sending out his own Venonat.	
Ash	person	37	 Having just defeated Aya's Venonat, Ash is noticeably confident.	
Ash	person	21	 However, Koga warns Ash that his Venonat has a lot more experience.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash responds to this the same way he did in his battle against Aya, by ordering Pidgeotto to use Whirlwind.	
Ash	person	55	 Venomoth then follows up with Sleep Powder, prompting Ash to recall Pidgeotto and send out Charmander.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Aya, and Koga send in Charmander, Venonat, and Venomoth respectively to battle, but James throws a fistful of a sticky substance at them, immobilizing them.	
Ash	person	33	 Misty, seething with rage, asks Ash what moves Psyduck knows.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash consults the Pokédex, which lists Tail Whip.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pokédex chimes in, listing Psyduck's third and fourth attacks; Disable and Confusion.	
Ash	person	2	" Ash and Koga continue their battle outside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash chooses Charmander and Koga chooses Golbat.	
Ash	person	68	 Charmander defeats Golbat with Ember and Fire Spin, and Koga gives Ash a Soul Badge, and the trio go on their way.	
