ThunderShock	move	68	 Ash and Ponyta, however, are able to continue, thanks to Pikachu's ThunderShock and the fact that the two Pokémon were still lagging far behind.	
Lara Laramie	person	98	 After a brief trade of Flamethrowers by the two Fire Pokémon, Ash and friends are introduced to Lara Laramie, of the Laramie Ranch, a ranch that preserves and raises wild Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	58	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Team Rocket	group	217	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Team Rocket	group	19	 At the same time, Team Rocket has already begun eliminating the opposition - two well-aimed slingshot shots manage to spook a Tauros, and he runs into a Nidorina, and they take their frustrations out on each other.	
Team Rocket	group	179	 Then, the racers come upon a downhill section where another violent accident occurs: an Electrode and its Trainer roll down the hill uncontrollably, and a pitfall trap dug up by Team Rocket manages to take out the Electrode and its Trainer as they were rolling downhill with increasing speed.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Team Rocket	group	162	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Team Rocket	group	86	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Team Rocket	group	123	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Team Rocket	group	56	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Team Rocket	group	104	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Team Rocket	group	141	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is seen in a nearby forest, tied to a tree by Dario, who blames them for his loss.	
Safari Zone	region	32	As Ash and his friends near the Safari Zone, they come across a ranch, where they see a herd of Tauros.	
Safari Zone	region	49	 Wanting to catch one (believing they are in the Safari Zone), Ash tries to have Pikachu face down the stampede, but Pikachu refuses because he is massively outnumbered.	
Safari Zone	region	45	 After Ash realizes that they are not in the Safari Zone, Lara invites them to a local festival, as a Pokémon race will be held the next day.	
Safari Zone	region	112	As the festivities wrap up, Ash and friends bid farewell to the Laramie Ranch, and continue on their way to the Safari Zone.	
Charmander	pokemon	20	 When Ash sends out Charmander, it is immediately pinned by a Growlithe.	
Explosion	move	56	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Growlithe	pokemon	62	 When Ash sends out Charmander, it is immediately pinned by a Growlithe.	
Growlithe	pokemon	44	 After they arrive on the scene, Lara tells Growlithe to tame the Tauros, but during all this Ponyta is spooked, causing Lara to be thrown off, injuring her arm.	
Electrode	pokemon	89	 Then, the racers come upon a downhill section where another violent accident occurs: an Electrode and its Trainer roll down the hill uncontrollably, and a pitfall trap dug up by Team Rocket manages to take out the Electrode and its Trainer as they were rolling downhill with increasing speed.	
Electrode	pokemon	215	 Then, the racers come upon a downhill section where another violent accident occurs: an Electrode and its Trainer roll down the hill uncontrollably, and a pitfall trap dug up by Team Rocket manages to take out the Electrode and its Trainer as they were rolling downhill with increasing speed.	
Electrode	pokemon	44	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Sandslash	pokemon	99	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Rapidash	pokemon	94	 Everyone is then startled when Ponyta evolves through sheer will to win into the much-faster Rapidash, and soon Ash and Rapidash manages to overtake Dario and claim the victory in a photo finish.	
Rapidash	pokemon	121	 Everyone is then startled when Ponyta evolves through sheer will to win into the much-faster Rapidash, and soon Ash and Rapidash manages to overtake Dario and claim the victory in a photo finish.	
Rapidash	pokemon	67	 Believing that he had been cheated, Dario orders Dodrio to attack Rapidash, but is sent flying by a kick from its powerful hooves.	
Raticate	pokemon	110	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Squirtle	pokemon	64	 When Ash tries to touch Ponyta, his hand is burned, and he has Squirtle put out the flames.	
Squirtle	pokemon	202	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Squirtle	pokemon	81	 When the race starts, Dario and Dodrio quickly take the lead, while Pikachu and Squirtle quickly fall to the back of the pack , though they do eventually catch up.	
Squirtle	pokemon	78	 After a sprint comes a steep uphill portion, where Pikachu is forced to push Squirtle up the hill, putting them far behind once again.	
Squirtle	pokemon	97	 This leaves only four teams still racing: while Ash and Ponyta navigate the stones, Starmie and Squirtle swim across the water easily.	
Squirtle	pokemon	23	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Nidorina	pokemon	154	 At the same time, Team Rocket has already begun eliminating the opposition - two well-aimed slingshot shots manage to spook a Tauros, and he runs into a Nidorina, and they take their frustrations out on each other.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	93	 However, this does not bode well for the two closest chasers: Brock and a farmhand with his Rhyhorn - when Rhyhorn attempts to jump on a stone, it sinks.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	108	 However, this does not bode well for the two closest chasers: Brock and a farmhand with his Rhyhorn - when Rhyhorn attempts to jump on a stone, it sinks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 Wanting to catch one (believing they are in the Safari Zone), Ash tries to have Pikachu face down the stampede, but Pikachu refuses because he is massively outnumbered.	
Pikachu	pokemon	117	 Wanting to catch one (believing they are in the Safari Zone), Ash tries to have Pikachu face down the stampede, but Pikachu refuses because he is massively outnumbered.	
Pikachu	pokemon	190	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Pikachu	pokemon	69	 When the race starts, Dario and Dodrio quickly take the lead, while Pikachu and Squirtle quickly fall to the back of the pack , though they do eventually catch up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 After a sprint comes a steep uphill portion, where Pikachu is forced to push Squirtle up the hill, putting them far behind once again.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 Ash and Ponyta, however, are able to continue, thanks to Pikachu's ThunderShock and the fact that the two Pokémon were still lagging far behind.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Weezing	pokemon	198	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Weezing	pokemon	100	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Trainer	person	43	 Lara's main opposition is Dario, a Dodrio Trainer.	
Trainer	person	53	 Lara explains that the winning team of Pokémon and Trainer will be named as an honorary member of the Laramie clan.	
Trainer	person	176	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Trainer	person	107	 Then, the racers come upon a downhill section where another violent accident occurs: an Electrode and its Trainer roll down the hill uncontrollably, and a pitfall trap dug up by Team Rocket manages to take out the Electrode and its Trainer as they were rolling downhill with increasing speed.	
Trainer	person	233	 Then, the racers come upon a downhill section where another violent accident occurs: an Electrode and its Trainer roll down the hill uncontrollably, and a pitfall trap dug up by Team Rocket manages to take out the Electrode and its Trainer as they were rolling downhill with increasing speed.	
Starmie	pokemon	145	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Starmie	pokemon	85	 This leaves only four teams still racing: while Ash and Ponyta navigate the stones, Starmie and Squirtle swim across the water easily.	
Starmie	pokemon	176	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 After a brief trade of Flamethrowers by the two Fire Pokémon, Ash and friends are introduced to Lara Laramie, of the Laramie Ranch, a ranch that preserves and raises wild Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	173	 After a brief trade of Flamethrowers by the two Fire Pokémon, Ash and friends are introduced to Lara Laramie, of the Laramie Ranch, a ranch that preserves and raises wild Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Brock immediately recognizes the name, as it is said that Pokémon bred by the Laramie clan are of superior breeding.	
Pokémon	pokemon	102	 After Ash realizes that they are not in the Safari Zone, Lara invites them to a local festival, as a Pokémon race will be held the next day.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Lara intends to race with her Ponyta, a Pokémon whose mane will burn anyone it does not trust.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Lara explains that the winning team of Pokémon and Trainer will be named as an honorary member of the Laramie clan.	
Pokémon	pokemon	75	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Pokémon	pokemon	173	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Pokémon	pokemon	107	 Ash and Ponyta, however, are able to continue, thanks to Pikachu's ThunderShock and the fact that the two Pokémon were still lagging far behind.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 This forces both out of the race (as Brock, with the largest Pokémon in the race, couldn't cross due to Onix's fear of water).	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 At the next portion, teams must make a stop and allow their Pokémon to eat an entire plate of Pokémon food before sprinting to the finish.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	 At the next portion, teams must make a stop and allow their Pokémon to eat an entire plate of Pokémon food before sprinting to the finish.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Tauros	pokemon	96	As Ash and his friends near the Safari Zone, they come across a ranch, where they see a herd of Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	86	At the festival, while many are cheering Lara on, Dario arrives to tell Lara that her Tauros have suddenly begun attacking each other over a bout of confusion.	
Tauros	pokemon	66	 After they arrive on the scene, Lara tells Growlithe to tame the Tauros, but during all this Ponyta is spooked, causing Lara to be thrown off, injuring her arm.	
Tauros	pokemon	93	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Tauros	pokemon	127	 At the same time, Team Rocket has already begun eliminating the opposition - two well-aimed slingshot shots manage to spook a Tauros, and he runs into a Nidorina, and they take their frustrations out on each other.	
Ponyta	pokemon	31	 Lara intends to race with her Ponyta, a Pokémon whose mane will burn anyone it does not trust.	
Ponyta	pokemon	25	 When Ash tries to touch Ponyta, his hand is burned, and he has Squirtle put out the flames.	
Ponyta	pokemon	94	 After they arrive on the scene, Lara tells Growlithe to tame the Tauros, but during all this Ponyta is spooked, causing Lara to be thrown off, injuring her arm.	
Ponyta	pokemon	25	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Ponyta	pokemon	53	With her injured arm, Lara would not be able to ride Ponyta, but after seeing Ash try to rein in Ponyta, she tries to convince Ash to take her place.	
Ponyta	pokemon	97	With her injured arm, Lara would not be able to ride Ponyta, but after seeing Ash try to rein in Ponyta, she tries to convince Ash to take her place.	
Ponyta	pokemon	27	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ponyta	pokemon	55	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ponyta	pokemon	192	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ponyta	pokemon	9	 Ash and Ponyta use the entire night to prepare for the race.	
Ponyta	pokemon	111	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Ponyta	pokemon	149	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Ponyta	pokemon	9	 Ash and Ponyta, however, are able to continue, thanks to Pikachu's ThunderShock and the fact that the two Pokémon were still lagging far behind.	
Ponyta	pokemon	57	 This leaves only four teams still racing: while Ash and Ponyta navigate the stones, Starmie and Squirtle swim across the water easily.	
Ponyta	pokemon	26	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Ponyta	pokemon	123	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Ponyta	pokemon	25	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Ponyta	pokemon	77	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Ponyta	pokemon	42	 Now desperate to make up ground, Ash and Ponyta race towards the finish line.	
Ponyta	pokemon	14	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Ponyta	pokemon	79	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Ponyta	pokemon	32	 Everyone is then startled when Ponyta evolves through sheer will to win into the much-faster Rapidash, and soon Ash and Rapidash manages to overtake Dario and claim the victory in a photo finish.	
Meowth	pokemon	70	 The episode ends on the trio being pecked repeatedly by Dodrio after Meowth insults it.	
Dodrio	pokemon	36	 Lara's main opposition is Dario, a Dodrio Trainer.	
Dodrio	pokemon	95	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Dodrio	pokemon	33	 When the race starts, Dario and Dodrio quickly take the lead, while Pikachu and Squirtle quickly fall to the back of the pack , though they do eventually catch up.	
Dodrio	pokemon	62	Farther up ahead is a stepping-stone portion, which Dario and Dodrio cross with ease.	
Dodrio	pokemon	11	 Dario and Dodrio are the first to arrive, but the other racers catch up due to Dodrio's three heads fighting over who gets to eat first.	
Dodrio	pokemon	80	 Dario and Dodrio are the first to arrive, but the other racers catch up due to Dodrio's three heads fighting over who gets to eat first.	
Dodrio	pokemon	56	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Dodrio	pokemon	50	 Believing that he had been cheated, Dario orders Dodrio to attack Rapidash, but is sent flying by a kick from its powerful hooves.	
Dodrio	pokemon	57	 The episode ends on the trio being pecked repeatedly by Dodrio after Meowth insults it.	
Sludge	move	208	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock immediately recognizes the name, as it is said that Pokémon bred by the Laramie clan are of superior breeding.	
Brock	person	119	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Brock	person	63	 However, this does not bode well for the two closest chasers: Brock and a farmhand with his Rhyhorn - when Rhyhorn attempts to jump on a stone, it sinks.	
Brock	person	38	 This forces both out of the race (as Brock, with the largest Pokémon in the race, couldn't cross due to Onix's fear of water).	
James	person	40	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Glare	move	148	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Misty	person	135	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Misty	person	125	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Misty	person	3	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Dario	person	27	 Lara's main opposition is Dario, a Dodrio Trainer.	
Dario	person	50	At the festival, while many are cheering Lara on, Dario arrives to tell Lara that her Tauros have suddenly begun attacking each other over a bout of confusion.	
Dario	person	143	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Dario	person	150	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Dario	person	85	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Dario	person	23	 When the race starts, Dario and Dodrio quickly take the lead, while Pikachu and Squirtle quickly fall to the back of the pack , though they do eventually catch up.	
Dario	person	12	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Dario	person	52	Farther up ahead is a stepping-stone portion, which Dario and Dodrio cross with ease.	
Dario	person	1	 Dario and Dodrio are the first to arrive, but the other racers catch up due to Dodrio's three heads fighting over who gets to eat first.	
Dario	person	47	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Dario	person	140	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Dario	person	13	 This allows Dario enough time to take off towards the finish.	
Dario	person	31	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Dario	person	150	 Everyone is then startled when Ponyta evolves through sheer will to win into the much-faster Rapidash, and soon Ash and Rapidash manages to overtake Dario and claim the victory in a photo finish.	
Dario	person	37	 Believing that he had been cheated, Dario orders Dodrio to attack Rapidash, but is sent flying by a kick from its powerful hooves.	
Dario	person	70	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is seen in a nearby forest, tied to a tree by Dario, who blames them for his loss.	
Arbok	pokemon	140	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Arbok	pokemon	166	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Fire	type	49	 After a brief trade of Flamethrowers by the two Fire Pokémon, Ash and friends are introduced to Lara Laramie, of the Laramie Ranch, a ranch that preserves and raises wild Pokémon.	
Peck	move	74	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Onix	pokemon	129	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Onix	pokemon	106	 This forces both out of the race (as Brock, with the largest Pokémon in the race, couldn't cross due to Onix's fear of water).	
Smog	move	110	 Weezing tries to attack Ponyta despite James telling it not to use gas, but Ponyta's flames ignite Weezing's Smog, and it explodes, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends near the Safari Zone, they come across a ranch, where they see a herd of Tauros.	
Ash	person	63	 Wanting to catch one (believing they are in the Safari Zone), Ash tries to have Pikachu face down the stampede, but Pikachu refuses because he is massively outnumbered.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash sends out Charmander, it is immediately pinned by a Growlithe.	
Ash	person	64	 After a brief trade of Flamethrowers by the two Fire Pokémon, Ash and friends are introduced to Lara Laramie, of the Laramie Ranch, a ranch that preserves and raises wild Pokémon.	
Ash	person	7	 After Ash realizes that they are not in the Safari Zone, Lara invites them to a local festival, as a Pokémon race will be held the next day.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash tries to touch Ponyta, his hand is burned, and he has Squirtle put out the flames.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash tries to rein in Ponyta, the audience learns that Team Rocket is behind spooking the Tauros and incapacitating Lara, at the request of Dario: Dario intends to win the competition by any means necessary, while Team Rocket seeks to make money from the Laramie fortune.	
Ash	person	78	With her injured arm, Lara would not be able to ride Ponyta, but after seeing Ash try to rein in Ponyta, she tries to convince Ash to take her place.	
Ash	person	127	With her injured arm, Lara would not be able to ride Ponyta, but after seeing Ash try to rein in Ponyta, she tries to convince Ash to take her place.	
Ash	person	19	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ash	person	96	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ash	person	163	 At first, neither Ash nor Ponyta feel right about it (Ponyta showing its reluctance by burning Ash again), but Lara insists that both stand to gain from winning (Ash from his Trainer skills, Ponyta from its upbringing).	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Ponyta use the entire night to prepare for the race.	
Ash	person	103	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Ash	person	225	At the race, many pairs have entered: along with local farmhands and their Pokémon, Dario and Dodrio, Ash and Ponyta, Brock and Onix, Misty and Starmie, as well as the all-Pokémon team of Pikachu and Squirtle (representing Ash's entry), all enter the race.	
Ash	person	141	 This gives Dario a significant lead, while Electrode's Explosion attack manages to incapacitate a Sandslash, Raticate, but most importantly Ash and Ponyta.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Ponyta, however, are able to continue, thanks to Pikachu's ThunderShock and the fact that the two Pokémon were still lagging far behind.	
Ash	person	49	 This leaves only four teams still racing: while Ash and Ponyta navigate the stones, Starmie and Squirtle swim across the water easily.	
Ash	person	117	 Desperate to eliminate the other three teams, Dario is forced to use Team Rocket's assistance once more (from which Ash and Misty learn of Dario's alliance with Team Rocket).	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Pikachu and Squirtle (who had both been scarfing down Pokémon food during Team Rocket's motto) to take care of Team Rocket, but Arbok's Glare paralyzes them, while Starmie is blinded by Weezing's Sludge.	
Ash	person	18	As Misty implores Ash and Ponyta to keep going (leaving Team Rocket to herself and the three Pokémon), Team Rocket causes Ponyta to literally get fired up, shocking Arbok.	
Ash	person	34	 Now desperate to make up ground, Ash and Ponyta race towards the finish line.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash and Ponyta catch up, Dario then orders one of Dodrio's heads to Peck Ponyta, slowing it down.	
Ash	person	113	 Everyone is then startled when Ponyta evolves through sheer will to win into the much-faster Rapidash, and soon Ash and Rapidash manages to overtake Dario and claim the victory in a photo finish.	
Ash	person	28	As the festivities wrap up, Ash and friends bid farewell to the Laramie Ranch, and continue on their way to the Safari Zone.	
