Officer Jenny	person	10	Ash tells Officer Jenny he didn't know, so Jenny lets them off with a warning.	
ThunderShock	move	28	 Pikachu and Charmander use ThunderShock and Flamethrower.	
Ranger Jenny	person	75	 He gets ready to throw a Poké Ball; however, the Chansey turns out to be Ranger Jenny in a Chansey hat.	
Super Potion	item	39	 They manage to find it, and give it a Super Potion since it is injured.	
Flamethrower	move	45	 Pikachu and Charmander use ThunderShock and Flamethrower.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 They drive up to find Team Rocket trying to capture a group of Kangaskhan.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket fires a rocket and scares all the Kangaskhan, making them charge towards the jeep.	
Team Rocket	group	34	 The group manages to escape, but Team Rocket traps all the Kangaskhan in a net.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 The Kangaskhan attack Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Team Rocket	group	43	They find a giant robot Kangaskhan made by Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 The leader goes to take revenge on Team Rocket but is hit as well.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket powers up for an attack, but the Kangaskhan break free.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 It explodes, and Team Rocket "blasts off again".	
Safari Zone	region	75	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Skull Bash	move	85	Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Charmander	pokemon	13	 Pikachu and Charmander use ThunderShock and Flamethrower.	
Charmander	pokemon	93	 When Tommy throws his boomerang, it hits the fuel tank cover knocking the gasoline out, and Charmander's fire sets it ablaze.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	64	 They drive up to find Team Rocket trying to capture a group of Kangaskhan.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	43	 Ash looks at his Pokédex, which says the Kangaskhan charge when in danger until they feel their young are safe.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	47	 Team Rocket fires a rocket and scares all the Kangaskhan, making them charge towards the jeep.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	60	 The group manages to escape, but Team Rocket traps all the Kangaskhan in a net.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	65	 Suddenly, a kid begins to yell, cutting the net and setting the Kangaskhan free.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	5	 The Kangaskhan attack Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	44	The kid jumps into the pouch of the biggest Kangaskhan.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	81	 Ash, Brock, Misty, and Pikachu leave the jeep and go look around for the infant Kangaskhan that should be in the pouch Tommy was riding in.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	110	The kid sees the infant in pain when the Potion stings its wound slightly, thinks they are hurting the infant Kangaskhan, and he jumps down.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	36	 He doesn't at first and claims the Kangaskhan are his family.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	81	" Jenny rushes back because her radar shows more poachers, and Tommy runs to the Kangaskhan to help.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	24	They find a giant robot Kangaskhan made by Team Rocket.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	49	 It pretends to be injured to persuade the other Kangaskhan to go help it, but their leader tries to stop them because she senses something amiss.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	46	 Team Rocket powers up for an attack, but the Kangaskhan break free.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	66	Suddenly, the helicopter comes in and crashes into the mechanical Kangaskhan.	
Kangaskhan	pokemon	57	The episode ends with Tommy, his parents, and the infant Kangaskhan in the leader's pouch waving goodbye as Ash and his friends are leaving.	
Vine Whip	move	56	Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Poké Ball	item	26	 He gets ready to throw a Poké Ball; however, the Chansey turns out to be Ranger Jenny in a Chansey hat.	
Poké Ball	item	16	Jessie throws a Poké Ball, but it is hit by a boomerang and sent flying back at her.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	34	Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Squirtle	pokemon	70	Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Chansey	pokemon	104	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Chansey	pokemon	51	 He gets ready to throw a Poké Ball; however, the Chansey turns out to be Ranger Jenny in a Chansey hat.	
Chansey	pokemon	93	 He gets ready to throw a Poké Ball; however, the Chansey turns out to be Ranger Jenny in a Chansey hat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash, Brock, Misty, and Pikachu leave the jeep and go look around for the infant Kangaskhan that should be in the pouch Tommy was riding in.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Charmander use ThunderShock and Flamethrower.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 She points a rifle at Ash then arrests him for Pokémon poaching.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 She takes the group back to the station and explains that they are in a Pokémon Preservation Area where it's illegal to catch Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	128	 She takes the group back to the station and explains that they are in a Pokémon Preservation Area where it's illegal to catch Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 He then asks Misty, "You people or Pokémon?	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Pokédex	item	18	 Ash looks at his Pokédex, which says the Kangaskhan charge when in danger until they feel their young are safe.	
Jessie	person	80	 The group manages to escape, but Team Rocket traps all the Kangaskhan in a net.Jessie throws a Poké Ball, but it is hit by a boomerang and sent flying back at her.	
Potion	item	45	 They manage to find it, and give it a Super Potion since it is injured.	
Potion	item	41	The kid sees the infant in pain when the Potion stings its wound slightly, thinks they are hurting the infant Kangaskhan, and he jumps down.	
Brock	person	39	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Brock	person	6	 Ash, Brock, Misty, and Pikachu leave the jeep and go look around for the infant Kangaskhan that should be in the pouch Tommy was riding in.	
Misty	person	29	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Misty	person	13	 Ash, Brock, Misty, and Pikachu leave the jeep and go look around for the infant Kangaskhan that should be in the pouch Tommy was riding in.	
Misty	person	14	 He then asks Misty, "You people or Pokémon?	
Misty	person	2	" Misty punches him and says that they are people.	
Misty	person	32	 His father opens his shirt and Misty smacks the father with a piece of wood, saying, "One memory at a time!	
Poké	item	26	 He gets ready to throw a Poké Ball; however, the Chansey turns out to be Ranger Jenny in a Chansey hat.	
Poké	item	16	Jessie throws a Poké Ball, but it is hit by a boomerang and sent flying back at her.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Ash	person	92	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock thinking that they are in the Safari Zone, and Ash spots a Chansey in a bush.	
Ash	person	23	 She points a rifle at Ash then arrests him for Pokémon poaching.	
Ash	person	137	 She takes the group back to the station and explains that they are in a Pokémon Preservation Area where it's illegal to catch Pokémon.Ash tells Officer Jenny he didn't know, so Jenny lets them off with a warning.	
Ash	person	94	 Almost immediately, she sees a red dot on her radar, signaling that there are more poachers; Ash offers for him and the group to help.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks at his Pokédex, which says the Kangaskhan charge when in danger until they feel their young are safe.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Brock, Misty, and Pikachu leave the jeep and go look around for the infant Kangaskhan that should be in the pouch Tommy was riding in.	
Ash	person	67	 The leader goes to take revenge on Team Rocket but is hit as well.Ash then brings out his Pokémon: Bulbasaur and it uses Vine Whip and Squirtle tries Skull Bash, but neither of them work.	
Ash	person	108	The episode ends with Tommy, his parents, and the infant Kangaskhan in the leader's pouch waving goodbye as Ash and his friends are leaving.	
