Professor Oak	person	28	 Ash suggests that they ask Professor Oak, which the rest agree on.	
Professor Oak	person	12	 Meanwhile, Professor Oak explains to the kids that he knows Kaiser well.	
Professor Oak	person	35	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak says that the group has grown up well and asks Ash if he has sent him any new Pokémon, to which he says yes.	
Safari Balls	item	56	Inside the building, Kaiser shows the group a basket of Safari Balls and a fishing rod.	
Safari Balls	item	164	 Ash is delighted and reaches out eagerly for them, but Kaiser pulls his gun out and explains the rules of the Safari Zone: all that's permitted to be used are the Safari Balls and fishing rod.	
Safari Balls	item	29	 Since then, only the use of Safari Balls has been allowed in the Safari Zone.	
Safari Balls	item	5	With Safari Balls and fishing rods in hand, Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to enter the Safari Zone.	
Safari Balls	item	45	 Ash and Brock catch two of them easily with Safari Balls.	
Safari Balls	item	101	 Jessie asks whether Ash has caught any Pokémon, to which he answers that he has used up all of the Safari Balls, meaning that he wins.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, overhearing the conversation, decides to catch Dratini and all of the other Pokémon in the Safari Zone.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Just then, Team Rocket appears on top of the entrance gate and recites their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket falls to the ground and proposes a challenge: whichever group catches more Pokémon will win.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 If Ash and his friends win, Team Rocket won't bother the group ever again.	
Team Rocket	group	4	 If Team Rocket wins, they will take all of the group's Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	56	 Jessie observes the group from afar, commenting on how Team Rocket will end up getting all of the Pokémon anyways.	
Team Rocket	group	19	 It turns out that Team Rocket is inside the entrance building, with James holding a firearm to Kaiser's head.	
Team Rocket	group	86	 After several unsuccessful attempts at getting Kaiser to tell them where Dratini is, Team Rocket sends out a mecha that tickles Kaiser, causing him to finally concede.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 Kaiser reveals that Team Rocket is going after Dratini, who is in the Dragon Valley.Team Rocket is at a lake inhabited by Dratini.	
Team Rocket	group	85	 Kaiser reveals that Team Rocket is going after Dratini, who is in the Dragon Valley.Team Rocket is at a lake inhabited by Dratini.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Ash throws the bomb back at Team Rocket just as the timer sets off, causing Team Rocket to blast off.	
Team Rocket	group	77	 Ash throws the bomb back at Team Rocket just as the timer sets off, causing Team Rocket to blast off.	
Safari Zone	region	50	Ash, Misty, and Brock are touring the area in the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	66	As the group approaches a building, Ash sings that they're in the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	43	 He then introduces himself as Kaiser, the Safari Zone warden.	
Safari Zone	region	111	 Ash is delighted and reaches out eagerly for them, but Kaiser pulls his gun out and explains the rules of the Safari Zone: all that's permitted to be used are the Safari Balls and fishing rod.	
Safari Zone	region	104	 As Ash and Misty view the picture, Brock tells them that he's heard rumors of a Dratini living in this Safari Zone, and the picture certainly proves that the rumor is true.	
Safari Zone	region	46	 Thirty years ago, a Dratini was found in the Safari Zone by Kaiser himself.	
Safari Zone	region	39	 Trainers from all over flocked to the Safari Zone to catch Dratini, but while they were there, they caught many other Pokémon in the process, literally destroying the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	169	 Trainers from all over flocked to the Safari Zone to catch Dratini, but while they were there, they caught many other Pokémon in the process, literally destroying the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	66	 Since then, only the use of Safari Balls has been allowed in the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	106	 Team Rocket, overhearing the conversation, decides to catch Dratini and all of the other Pokémon in the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	89	With Safari Balls and fishing rods in hand, Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to enter the Safari Zone.	
Safari Zone	region	125	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Thunderbolt	move	31	 If they break the rules, his "Thunderbolt" will burn them.	
Thunderbolt	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt, effectively stopping the machine.	
Dragonair	pokemon	3	 A Dragonair emerges from the center with Ash on its back, and the skies clear up.	
Dragonair	pokemon	30	 Ash returns to the group and Dragonair approaches Kaiser.	
Dragonair	pokemon	22	 Kaiser realizes that Dragonair is the same Dratini that he took care of all those years ago.	
Dragonair	pokemon	27	 A Dratini appears next to Dragonair, and Kaiser realizes that this Dratini is Dragonair's child.	
Dragonair	pokemon	79	 A Dratini appears next to Dragonair, and Kaiser realizes that this Dratini is Dragonair's child.	
Dragonair	pokemon	17	 Both Kaiser and Dragonair are moved to tears by their reunion after so many years.	
Dragonair	pokemon	108	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Dragonair	pokemon	82	 The episode ends as Ash and his friends bid farewell to Kaiser, with Dratini and Dragonair watching over them.	
Gyarados	pokemon	36	 Soon after, she gets a bite from a Gyarados, but the line breaks, causing the Gyarados to go back into the lake.	
Gyarados	pokemon	79	 Soon after, she gets a bite from a Gyarados, but the line breaks, causing the Gyarados to go back into the lake.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	54	 The group then hides behind bushes while observing a Rhyhorn.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	33	 Ash throws a Safari Ball at the Rhyhorn, but just then, the herd of Tauros run past, causing Ash to end up catching another Tauros.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu sings along, and Brock gives in and decides to sing as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt, effectively stopping the machine.	
Dratini	pokemon	74	Misty notices a picture of Kaiser as a young man, in which he's holding a Dratini.	
Dratini	pokemon	81	 As Ash and Misty view the picture, Brock tells them that he's heard rumors of a Dratini living in this Safari Zone, and the picture certainly proves that the rumor is true.	
Dratini	pokemon	137	 Before this can be expanded on any further, Kaiser leaps forward and snatches the picture from Misty's hand, screaming that there is no Dratini.	
Dratini	pokemon	18	 He apologizes to Dratini and says that he will never bother it again.	
Dratini	pokemon	21	 Thirty years ago, a Dratini was found in the Safari Zone by Kaiser himself.	
Dratini	pokemon	60	 Trainers from all over flocked to the Safari Zone to catch Dratini, but while they were there, they caught many other Pokémon in the process, literally destroying the Safari Zone.	
Dratini	pokemon	5	 The Dratini was never found; all that remains is a picture.	
Dratini	pokemon	61	 Team Rocket, overhearing the conversation, decides to catch Dratini and all of the other Pokémon in the Safari Zone.	
Dratini	pokemon	83	 Jessie holds another firearm to Kaiser's head while asking him to tell them where Dratini is.	
Dratini	pokemon	74	 After several unsuccessful attempts at getting Kaiser to tell them where Dratini is, Team Rocket sends out a mecha that tickles Kaiser, causing him to finally concede.	
Dratini	pokemon	48	 Kaiser reveals that Team Rocket is going after Dratini, who is in the Dragon Valley.	
Dratini	pokemon	38	Team Rocket is at a lake inhabited by Dratini.	
Dratini	pokemon	53	 James and Meowth don scuba gear and attempt to find Dratini, while Jessie is waiting for them above.	
Dratini	pokemon	13	 Suddenly, a Dratini emerges from the water and reveals itself to Jessie.	
Dratini	pokemon	84	 She kneels down on the pipe that is supplying air to James and Meowth, calling the Dratini to come closer while the other two struggle for a breath of air.	
Dratini	pokemon	44	 Kaiser realizes that Dragonair is the same Dratini that he took care of all those years ago.	
Dratini	pokemon	3	 A Dratini appears next to Dragonair, and Kaiser realizes that this Dratini is Dragonair's child.	
Dratini	pokemon	68	 A Dratini appears next to Dragonair, and Kaiser realizes that this Dratini is Dragonair's child.	
Dratini	pokemon	97	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Dratini	pokemon	70	 The episode ends as Ash and his friends bid farewell to Kaiser, with Dratini and Dragonair watching over them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	87	 Ash is singing, while the narrator explains that the group hasn't yet caught a single Pokémon, but with so many Pokémon in this area, it's understandable why anyone would want to sing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	114	 Ash is singing, while the narrator explains that the group hasn't yet caught a single Pokémon, but with so many Pokémon in this area, it's understandable why anyone would want to sing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	119	 Trainers from all over flocked to the Safari Zone to catch Dratini, but while they were there, they caught many other Pokémon in the process, literally destroying the Safari Zone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 Team Rocket, overhearing the conversation, decides to catch Dratini and all of the other Pokémon in the Safari Zone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 Team Rocket falls to the ground and proposes a challenge: whichever group catches more Pokémon will win.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 If Team Rocket wins, they will take all of the group's Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	The first Pokémon that Ash and his friends see are a herd of Tauros.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 Jessie observes the group from afar, commenting on how Team Rocket will end up getting all of the Pokémon anyways.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 Jessie starts to yell at them, when Meowth reveals a backup plan to capture all the Pokémon in the lake.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 He explains how the electric bomb he is holding will zap all the Pokémon in the water and cause them to rise to the surface.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Jessie asks whether Ash has caught any Pokémon, to which he answers that he has used up all of the Safari Balls, meaning that he wins.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 Professor Oak says that the group has grown up well and asks Ash if he has sent him any new Pokémon, to which he says yes.	
Tauros	pokemon	62	The first Pokémon that Ash and his friends see are a herd of Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	69	 Ash throws a Safari Ball at the Rhyhorn, but just then, the herd of Tauros run past, causing Ash to end up catching another Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	125	 Ash throws a Safari Ball at the Rhyhorn, but just then, the herd of Tauros run past, causing Ash to end up catching another Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	22	 Just then, a herd of Tauros trample over the Professor in a stampede, revealing that in the end, Ash failed to catch anything but Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	131	 Just then, a herd of Tauros trample over the Professor in a stampede, revealing that in the end, Ash failed to catch anything but Tauros.	
Kaiser	person	31	 He then introduces himself as Kaiser, the Safari Zone warden.	
Kaiser	person	21	Inside the building, Kaiser shows the group a basket of Safari Balls and a fishing rod.	
Kaiser	person	56	 Ash is delighted and reaches out eagerly for them, but Kaiser pulls his gun out and explains the rules of the Safari Zone: all that's permitted to be used are the Safari Balls and fishing rod.	
Kaiser	person	27	Misty notices a picture of Kaiser as a young man, in which he's holding a Dratini.	
Kaiser	person	45	 Before this can be expanded on any further, Kaiser leaps forward and snatches the picture from Misty's hand, screaming that there is no Dratini.	
Kaiser	person	34	 Ash argues otherwise, but seeing Kaiser reach for his gun is more than enough to make him take his statement back.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser leaves the group, taking the picture with him.	
Kaiser	person	25	The focus then shifts on Kaiser, who is standing outside the building staring at the picture.	
Kaiser	person	61	 Meanwhile, Professor Oak explains to the kids that he knows Kaiser well.	
Kaiser	person	61	 Thirty years ago, a Dratini was found in the Safari Zone by Kaiser himself.	
Kaiser	person	34	 Before they can finish, however, Kaiser takes out two firearms and starts shooting at their feet.	
Kaiser	person	96	 It turns out that Team Rocket is inside the entrance building, with James holding a firearm to Kaiser's head.	
Kaiser	person	33	 Jessie holds another firearm to Kaiser's head while asking him to tell them where Dratini is.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser resists, causing Jessie to send out Arbok to wrap itself around him.	
Kaiser	person	48	 After several unsuccessful attempts at getting Kaiser to tell them where Dratini is, Team Rocket sends out a mecha that tickles Kaiser, causing him to finally concede.	
Kaiser	person	129	 After several unsuccessful attempts at getting Kaiser to tell them where Dratini is, Team Rocket sends out a mecha that tickles Kaiser, causing him to finally concede.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser appears before them, still being tickled by the mecha, and asks them to help get it off of him.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser reveals that Team Rocket is going after Dratini, who is in the Dragon Valley.	
Kaiser	person	34	Just then, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Kaiser intervene.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser jumps in the lake after it.	
Kaiser	person	48	 Misty sends out her Staryu to help out Ash and Kaiser.	
Kaiser	person	28	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Kaiser	person	60	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Kaiser	person	51	 Ash returns to the group and Dragonair approaches Kaiser.	
Kaiser	person	1	 Kaiser realizes that Dragonair is the same Dratini that he took care of all those years ago.	
Kaiser	person	42	 A Dratini appears next to Dragonair, and Kaiser realizes that this Dratini is Dragonair's child.	
Kaiser	person	6	 Both Kaiser and Dragonair are moved to tears by their reunion after so many years.	
Kaiser	person	57	 The episode ends as Ash and his friends bid farewell to Kaiser, with Dratini and Dragonair watching over them.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie observes the group from afar, commenting on how Team Rocket will end up getting all of the Pokémon anyways.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie holds another firearm to Kaiser's head while asking him to tell them where Dratini is.	
Jessie	person	25	 Kaiser resists, causing Jessie to send out Arbok to wrap itself around him.	
Jessie	person	68	 James and Meowth don scuba gear and attempt to find Dratini, while Jessie is waiting for them above.	
Jessie	person	66	 Suddenly, a Dratini emerges from the water and reveals itself to Jessie.	
Jessie	person	9	 Just as Jessie tries to grab it, James and Meowth splash out of the water, scaring it away.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie starts to yell at them, when Meowth reveals a backup plan to capture all the Pokémon in the lake.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie asks whether Ash has caught any Pokémon, to which he answers that he has used up all of the Safari Balls, meaning that he wins.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says that the game isn't over yet and throws in the bomb.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth don scuba gear and attempt to find Dratini, while Jessie is waiting for them above.	
Meowth	pokemon	64	 She kneels down on the pipe that is supplying air to James and Meowth, calling the Dratini to come closer while the other two struggle for a breath of air.	
Meowth	pokemon	44	 Just as Jessie tries to grab it, James and Meowth splash out of the water, scaring it away.	
Meowth	pokemon	37	 Jessie starts to yell at them, when Meowth reveals a backup plan to capture all the Pokémon in the lake.	
Staryu	pokemon	21	 Misty sends out her Staryu to help out Ash and Kaiser.	
Staryu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Staryu	pokemon	48	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are touring the area in the Safari Zone.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks Ash to stop singing, but Ash ignores him and continues to sing.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks Misty to help him stop Ash, and she replies by singing along with Ash.	
Brock	person	26	 Pikachu sings along, and Brock gives in and decides to sing as well.	
Brock	person	36	 As Ash and Misty view the picture, Brock tells them that he's heard rumors of a Dratini living in this Safari Zone, and the picture certainly proves that the rumor is true.	
Brock	person	48	 Misty wonders why he acts so serious, to which Brock replies that something must be up for him to act like this.	
Brock	person	60	With Safari Balls and fishing rods in hand, Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to enter the Safari Zone.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock catch two of them easily with Safari Balls.	
Brock	person	23	Just then, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Kaiser intervene.	
James	person	69	 It turns out that Team Rocket is inside the entrance building, with James holding a firearm to Kaiser's head.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth don scuba gear and attempt to find Dratini, while Jessie is waiting for them above.	
James	person	54	 She kneels down on the pipe that is supplying air to James and Meowth, calling the Dratini to come closer while the other two struggle for a breath of air.	
James	person	34	 Just as Jessie tries to grab it, James and Meowth splash out of the water, scaring it away.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are touring the area in the Safari Zone.	
Misty	person	12	 Brock asks Misty to help him stop Ash, and she replies by singing along with Ash.	
Misty	person	63	 He then points the gun at Ash's head to demonstrate his point.Misty notices a picture of Kaiser as a young man, in which he's holding a Dratini.	
Misty	person	12	 As Ash and Misty view the picture, Brock tells them that he's heard rumors of a Dratini living in this Safari Zone, and the picture certainly proves that the rumor is true.	
Misty	person	96	 Before this can be expanded on any further, Kaiser leaps forward and snatches the picture from Misty's hand, screaming that there is no Dratini.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wonders why he acts so serious, to which Brock replies that something must be up for him to act like this.	
Misty	person	49	With Safari Balls and fishing rods in hand, Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to enter the Safari Zone.	
Misty	person	11	Meanwhile, Misty shows off her special lure to the group.	
Misty	person	16	Just then, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Kaiser intervene.	
Misty	person	35	 Ash starts to jump after him, but Misty stops Ash, telling him not to go.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends out her Staryu to help out Ash and Kaiser.	
Arbok	pokemon	44	 Kaiser resists, causing Jessie to send out Arbok to wrap itself around him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is singing, while the narrator explains that the group hasn't yet caught a single Pokémon, but with so many Pokémon in this area, it's understandable why anyone would want to sing.	
Ash	person	36	As the group approaches a building, Ash sings that they're in the Safari Zone.	
Ash	person	12	 Brock asks Ash to stop singing, but Ash ignores him and continues to sing.	
Ash	person	37	 Brock asks Ash to stop singing, but Ash ignores him and continues to sing.	
Ash	person	35	 Brock asks Misty to help him stop Ash, and she replies by singing along with Ash.	
Ash	person	78	 Brock asks Misty to help him stop Ash, and she replies by singing along with Ash.	
Ash	person	2	" Ash asks what the man's problem is, to which the man pulls out a firearm and asks whether he wants to get shot.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is delighted and reaches out eagerly for them, but Kaiser pulls his gun out and explains the rules of the Safari Zone: all that's permitted to be used are the Safari Balls and fishing rod.	
Ash	person	27	 He then points the gun at Ash's head to demonstrate his point.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and Misty view the picture, Brock tells them that he's heard rumors of a Dratini living in this Safari Zone, and the picture certainly proves that the rumor is true.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash argues otherwise, but seeing Kaiser reach for his gun is more than enough to make him take his statement back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash suggests that they ask Professor Oak, which the rest agree on.	
Ash	person	44	With Safari Balls and fishing rods in hand, Ash, Misty, and Brock are about to enter the Safari Zone.	
Ash	person	4	 If Ash and his friends win, Team Rocket won't bother the group ever again.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash accepts the challenge, confident that he will win.	
Ash	person	24	The first Pokémon that Ash and his friends see are a herd of Tauros.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock catch two of them easily with Safari Balls.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash throws a Safari Ball at the Rhyhorn, but just then, the herd of Tauros run past, causing Ash to end up catching another Tauros.	
Ash	person	94	 Ash throws a Safari Ball at the Rhyhorn, but just then, the herd of Tauros run past, causing Ash to end up catching another Tauros.	
Ash	person	11	Just then, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Kaiser intervene.	
Ash	person	21	 Jessie asks whether Ash has caught any Pokémon, to which he answers that he has used up all of the Safari Balls, meaning that he wins.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash starts to jump after him, but Misty stops Ash, telling him not to go.	
Ash	person	47	 Ash starts to jump after him, but Misty stops Ash, telling him not to go.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that he will be okay and dives into the lake.	
Ash	person	40	 Misty sends out her Staryu to help out Ash and Kaiser.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Ash	person	40	 Ash and Staryu catch up to Kaiser, and Ash has Staryu take Kaiser back to the surface.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash reaches the bottom, retrieves the bomb, and starts to go back up, but then runs out of air.	
Ash	person	42	 A Dragonair emerges from the center with Ash on its back, and the skies clear up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash throws the bomb back at Team Rocket just as the timer sets off, causing Team Rocket to blast off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash returns to the group and Dragonair approaches Kaiser.	
Ash	person	22	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Ash	person	62	 Professor Oak says that the group has grown up well and asks Ash if he has sent him any new Pokémon, to which he says yes.	
Ash	person	98	 Just then, a herd of Tauros trample over the Professor in a stampede, revealing that in the end, Ash failed to catch anything but Tauros.	
Ash	person	21	 The episode ends as Ash and his friends bid farewell to Kaiser, with Dratini and Dragonair watching over them.	
Oak	person	38	 Ash suggests that they ask Professor Oak, which the rest agree on.	
Oak	person	22	 Meanwhile, Professor Oak explains to the kids that he knows Kaiser well.	
Oak	person	45	Back at the building, Ash promises Professor Oak that the group will tell no one that they saw a Dratini or Dragonair in the Safari Zone.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak says that the group has grown up well and asks Ash if he has sent him any new Pokémon, to which he says yes.	
