Pokémon Center	building	26	 When they arrived at the Pokémon Center to think of a plan to get a bike, they found a worried Nurse Joy.	
Officer Jenny	person	6	 When Officer Jenny arrived, she offered them a ride but then said she had a job to do.	
Flamethrower	move	37	 Charmander set Golem on fire with a Flamethrower and an Ember.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 After a few rounds of this humiliation, Team Rocket arrived and said their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	22	 But it appeared that Team Rocket were heroes in the bike gang's view.	
Team Rocket	group	9	 Just as Team Rocket and the bike gang attacked Ash, Misty and Brock, the police arrived.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 The bike gang immediately rode off, almost leaving Team Rocket behind.	
Team Rocket	group	40	 Meanwhile, Chopper and Tyra challenged Team Rocket to ride through the storm on their unicycles.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket are trying their hardest to pedal their unicycles up the other side of the upturned bridge.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side.	
Team Rocket	group	141	 Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side.	
Charmander	pokemon	19	 Ash then sent out Charmander.	
Charmander	pokemon	1	 Charmander set Golem on fire with a Flamethrower and an Ember.	
Charmander	pokemon	15	 Golem tackled Charmander but ended up setting fire to three of the gang's members.	
Charmander	pokemon	66	 Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.	
Tail Whip	move	14	 Psyduck used Tail Whip and again, the bike gang laughed at it.	
Sunnytown	settlement	78	 She said she had to deliver medicine for injured Pokémon over the bridge to Sunnytown, but she could not leave the center because she had Pokémon to attend to.	
Sunnytown	settlement	3	In Sunnytown, Nurse Joy was worried that medicine wasn't arriving to cure the injured Pokémon, a Shellder.	
Sunnytown	settlement	14	 Nurse Joy in Sunnytown was relieved when the bike gang and Ash arrived with the medicine.	
Nurse Joy	person	97	 When they arrived at the Pokémon Center to think of a plan to get a bike, they found a worried Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	14	In Sunnytown, Nurse Joy was worried that medicine wasn't arriving to cure the injured Pokémon, a Shellder.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy in Sunnytown was relieved when the bike gang and Ash arrived with the medicine.	
Poké Ball	item	36	 Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	36	 He sent out Golem and Ash sent out Bulbasaur.	
Shellder	pokemon	98	In Sunnytown, Nurse Joy was worried that medicine wasn't arriving to cure the injured Pokémon, a Shellder.	
Cloyster	pokemon	56	Next, Tyra, the other leader of the bike gang, sent out Cloyster.	
Psyduck	pokemon	58	 Misty wanted to battle and tried to send out Starmie but Psyduck appeared.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck was clueless and the bike gang cracked up in laughter.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck used Tail Whip and again, the bike gang laughed at it.	
Chopper	person	25	 The leader of the gang, Chopper, challenged Ash to a battle.	
Chopper	person	1	 Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.	
Chopper	person	12	 Meanwhile, Chopper and Tyra challenged Team Rocket to ride through the storm on their unicycles.	
Starmie	pokemon	46	 Misty wanted to battle and tried to send out Starmie but Psyduck appeared.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	 When they arrived at the Pokémon Center to think of a plan to get a bike, they found a worried Nurse Joy.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 She said she had to deliver medicine for injured Pokémon over the bridge to Sunnytown, but she could not leave the center because she had Pokémon to attend to.	
Pokémon	pokemon	140	 She said she had to deliver medicine for injured Pokémon over the bridge to Sunnytown, but she could not leave the center because she had Pokémon to attend to.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	In Sunnytown, Nurse Joy was worried that medicine wasn't arriving to cure the injured Pokémon, a Shellder.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	Then, a ship passed by and the bridge lifted up but Ash was determined to save the sick Pokémon, for it would have been too late if they had stopped for the bridge to go back down.	
Pokémon	pokemon	75	 Ash, of course, refused and told them he's delivering medicine for a sick Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	49	 As they rode joyfully across the bridge, James, Jessie and Meowth sailed slowly below the bridge.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie made plans.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie was called "Chain Jess" because she used to swing a chain around as she rode her bike.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 As they rode joyfully across the bridge, James, Jessie and Meowth sailed slowly below the bridge.	
Tackle	move	40	 Golem easily defeated it with a single Tackle.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock came across a bridge during their travels.	
Brock	person	63	 Just as Team Rocket and the bike gang attacked Ash, Misty and Brock, the police arrived.	
Brock	person	25	 Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side.	
Brock	person	7	 Then, Brock tells Tyra that she can call him "Honey", only to receive a large, red slap across his face.	
James	person	42	 As they rode joyfully across the bridge, James, Jessie and Meowth sailed slowly below the bridge.	
James	person	1	 James was called "Little Jim" because he was the only one in the group who had used training wheels.	
Ember	move	57	 Charmander set Golem on fire with a Flamethrower and an Ember.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock came across a bridge during their travels.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty agreed enthusiastically.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wanted to battle and tried to send out Starmie but Psyduck appeared.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty decided to give it a chance, which got Tyra laughing her head off.	
Misty	person	53	 Just as Team Rocket and the bike gang attacked Ash, Misty and Brock, the police arrived.	
Misty	person	14	 Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side.	
Misty	person	59	 The bike gang's new heroes were "Awesome Ash" and "Mighty Misty".	
Golem	pokemon	13	 He sent out Golem and Ash sent out Bulbasaur.	
Golem	pokemon	1	 Golem easily defeated it with a single Tackle.	
Golem	pokemon	16	 Charmander set Golem on fire with a Flamethrower and an Ember.	
Golem	pokemon	1	 Golem tackled Charmander but ended up setting fire to three of the gang's members.	
Golem	pokemon	22	 Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.	
Poké	item	36	 Chopper withdrew his Golem but the Poké Ball was still hot from Charmander's attack.	
Tyra	person	6	Next, Tyra, the other leader of the bike gang, sent out Cloyster.	
Tyra	person	46	 Misty decided to give it a chance, which got Tyra laughing her head off.	
Tyra	person	24	 Meanwhile, Chopper and Tyra challenged Team Rocket to ride through the storm on their unicycles.	
Tyra	person	19	 Then, Brock tells Tyra that she can call him "Honey", only to receive a large, red slap across his face.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty agreed enthusiastically.	
Ash	person	11	Just after Ash and his group finished their refreshments, a strange group of wild bikers came.	
Ash	person	45	 The leader of the gang, Chopper, challenged Ash to a battle.	
Ash	person	23	 He sent out Golem and Ash sent out Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then sent out Charmander.	
Ash	person	48	 Just as Team Rocket and the bike gang attacked Ash, Misty and Brock, the police arrived.	
Ash	person	52	Then, a ship passed by and the bridge lifted up but Ash was determined to save the sick Pokémon, for it would have been too late if they had stopped for the bridge to go back down.	
Ash	person	9	 Just as Ash, Misty, and Brock are not going to make it, they saw Team Rocket jumping off the other side and bounced on their heads, sending Team Rocket into the water while allowing them to be propelled upward and on to the other side.	
Ash	person	47	 As they passed the bike gang, they challenged Ash to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, of course, refused and told them he's delivering medicine for a sick Pokémon.	
Ash	person	60	 Nurse Joy in Sunnytown was relieved when the bike gang and Ash arrived with the medicine.	
Ash	person	42	 The bike gang's new heroes were "Awesome Ash" and "Mighty Misty".	
