Legendary Pokémon	pokemon	142	 Then Team Rocket appear and try to steal Ditto, in the hope that they can get it to transform into Dratini and present it to their boss as a Legendary Pokémon.	
Duplica's Ditto	pokemon	65	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	20	 To their surprise, Ash's Pikachu is found playing with what seems to be another Pikachu.	
ThunderShock	move	30	 After being hit by Pikachu's ThunderShock, the balloon bursts and Team Rocket are blasted off again.	
Team Rocket	group	6	 Then Team Rocket appear and try to steal Ditto, in the hope that they can get it to transform into Dratini and present it to their boss as a Legendary Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 Ash and friends then decide to go and save Ditto.Team Rocket, still trying to get the Ditto to transform correctly, try to get it to change into Meowth.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Eventually, they are able to threaten it into transforming correctly.Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Team Rocket	group	115	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 The four of them then say their variation of the Team Rocket's motto, much to the irritation of the real Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	106	 The four of them then say their variation of the Team Rocket's motto, much to the irritation of the real Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	101	 Misty notes it was great to do the whole thing and Ash notes he had figured out that the reason why Team Rocket say their motto a lot was because it's fun.	
Team Rocket	group	32	 However, Duplica is happy that Team Rocket was able to get her Ditto to transform correctly.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket try to trick them by giving them the real Meowth and escaping in their balloon with Ditto.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 She throws Meowth at the balloon, causing Team Rocket to drop Ditto.	
Team Rocket	group	67	 After being hit by Pikachu's ThunderShock, the balloon bursts and Team Rocket are blasted off again.	
Team Rocket	group	22	The episode ends with Team Rocket attempting to put a Dratini suit onto Meowth, who scratches them.	
SmokeScreen	move	17	 Using Weezing's SmokeScreen, they are able to escape with Ditto.	
Razor Leaf	move	49	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Vine Whip	move	109	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Transform	move	102	 Upon reading Ditto's entry in the Pokédex and hearing that it can't learn any other attacks besides Transform, Ash becomes unconvinced of its usefulness in a battle, so Duplica challenges him to a battle.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto and Zubat, who were on guard, return with news that they saw Ditto.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	13	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Duplica	person	32	 The girl introduces herself as Duplica and reveals that the Pikachu is actually her Ditto.	
Duplica	person	171	 Upon reading Ditto's entry in the Pokédex and hearing that it can't learn any other attacks besides Transform, Ash becomes unconvinced of its usefulness in a battle, so Duplica challenges him to a battle.	
Duplica	person	65	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Duplica	person	7	Later, Duplica explains that she wants to be a Ditto Master and a star, but she cannot because her Ditto is unable to mirror other Pokémon's faces.	
Duplica	person	74	Meanwhile, back at the mansion, Misty, Brock, and Ash are trying to cheer Duplica up.	
Duplica	person	95	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Duplica	person	1	 Duplica suggests they should all become actors and when they have a good laugh at this, Jessie and James become even more angry at this.	
Duplica	person	22	 James then states to Duplica she got one part of the motto wrong.	
Duplica	person	10	 However, Duplica is happy that Team Rocket was able to get her Ditto to transform correctly.	
Duplica	person	5	 But Duplica says she can tell that Meowth isn't her Ditto, even though it looks identical to the other Meowth.	
Duplica	person	1	 Duplica tells it to transform into a cannon and fire Pikachu at the balloon.	
Duplica	person	40	Now that Ditto can transform perfectly, Duplica reopens her theater for performances.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 To their surprise, Ash's Pikachu is found playing with what seems to be another Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 To their surprise, Ash's Pikachu is found playing with what seems to be another Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 However, this Pikachu's face is weird, which leads to Brock thinking it is a new kind of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	90	 However, this Pikachu's face is weird, which leads to Brock thinking it is a new kind of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 The girl introduces herself as Duplica and reveals that the Pikachu is actually her Ditto.	
Pikachu	pokemon	54	 Duplica tells it to transform into a cannon and fire Pikachu at the balloon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 After being hit by Pikachu's ThunderShock, the balloon bursts and Team Rocket are blasted off again.	
Dratini	pokemon	100	 Then Team Rocket appear and try to steal Ditto, in the hope that they can get it to transform into Dratini and present it to their boss as a Legendary Pokémon.	
Dratini	pokemon	103	Once they are away from the house, Jessie and James try to test Ditto's power by having it turn into a Dratini from a picture in a book that they have, at first.	
Dratini	pokemon	57	 Now angry, Jessie commands Ditto to once again become a Dratini; she points to the picture of the Pokémon in the book.	
Dratini	pokemon	106	Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Dratini	pokemon	54	The episode ends with Team Rocket attempting to put a Dratini suit onto Meowth, who scratches them.	
Weezing	pokemon	7	 Using Weezing's SmokeScreen, they are able to escape with Ditto.	
Trainer	person	29	 Ash then states about how a Trainer decides how a Ditto would transform.	
Pokémon	pokemon	131	Later, Duplica explains that she wants to be a Ditto Master and a star, but she cannot because her Ditto is unable to mirror other Pokémon's faces.	
Pokémon	pokemon	152	 Then Team Rocket appear and try to steal Ditto, in the hope that they can get it to transform into Dratini and present it to their boss as a Legendary Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 Now angry, Jessie commands Ditto to once again become a Dratini; she points to the picture of the Pokémon in the book.	
Pokédex	item	35	 Upon reading Ditto's entry in the Pokédex and hearing that it can't learn any other attacks besides Transform, Ash becomes unconvinced of its usefulness in a battle, so Duplica challenges him to a battle.	
Jessie	person	35	Once they are away from the house, Jessie and James try to test Ditto's power by having it turn into a Dratini from a picture in a book that they have, at first.	
Jessie	person	11	 But then, Jessie stops James and says that they should have a little bit of fun before handing Ditto over to the boss.	
Jessie	person	34	 James and Meowth then try to get Jessie to show the picture to them, but she refuses.	
Jessie	person	104	 Ditto agrees, and then a picture of a man with blue hair shows up with a Ditto's face which even licks Jessie on her face.	
Jessie	person	82	 James and Meowth laugh out loud over the picture and the licking movement, which Jessie responded angrily by slapping them unconscious.	
Jessie	person	12	 Now angry, Jessie commands Ditto to once again become a Dratini; she points to the picture of the Pokémon in the book.	
Jessie	person	62	 Instead, Ditto transforms into a book, which even aggravates Jessie further.	
Jessie	person	6	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Jessie	person	89	 Duplica suggests they should all become actors and when they have a good laugh at this, Jessie and James become even more angry at this.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie states that their organization is not something to be made fun of, and also tells them that if they are going to imitate them, they should do it right.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth then try to get Jessie to show the picture to them, but she refuses.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth laugh out loud over the picture and the licking movement, which Jessie responded angrily by slapping them unconscious.	
Meowth	pokemon	96	Team Rocket, still trying to get the Ditto to transform correctly, try to get it to change into Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 They then yell at Ditto because its face doesn't look like Meowth's after it transformed.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Meowth	pokemon	82	 The group demands Ditto back, but they are surprised when they see two identical Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	55	 Team Rocket try to trick them by giving them the real Meowth and escaping in their balloon with Ditto.	
Meowth	pokemon	36	 But Duplica says she can tell that Meowth isn't her Ditto, even though it looks identical to the other Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	104	 But Duplica says she can tell that Meowth isn't her Ditto, even though it looks identical to the other Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 She throws Meowth at the balloon, causing Team Rocket to drop Ditto.	
Meowth	pokemon	72	The episode ends with Team Rocket attempting to put a Dratini suit onto Meowth, who scratches them.	
Ditto	pokemon	85	 The girl introduces herself as Duplica and reveals that the Pikachu is actually her Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	14	 Upon reading Ditto's entry in the Pokédex and hearing that it can't learn any other attacks besides Transform, Ash becomes unconvinced of its usefulness in a battle, so Duplica challenges him to a battle.	
Ditto	pokemon	75	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Ditto	pokemon	47	Later, Duplica explains that she wants to be a Ditto Master and a star, but she cannot because her Ditto is unable to mirror other Pokémon's faces.	
Ditto	pokemon	99	Later, Duplica explains that she wants to be a Ditto Master and a star, but she cannot because her Ditto is unable to mirror other Pokémon's faces.	
Ditto	pokemon	51	 Whenever it transforms it still has the face of a Ditto, much to the disappointment of her audiences.	
Ditto	pokemon	42	 Then Team Rocket appear and try to steal Ditto, in the hope that they can get it to transform into Dratini and present it to their boss as a Legendary Pokémon.	
Ditto	pokemon	59	 Using Weezing's SmokeScreen, they are able to escape with Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	64	Once they are away from the house, Jessie and James try to test Ditto's power by having it turn into a Dratini from a picture in a book that they have, at first.	
Ditto	pokemon	96	 But then, Jessie stops James and says that they should have a little bit of fun before handing Ditto over to the boss.	
Ditto	pokemon	10	 She asks Ditto to transform into what a certain boy would look like if he were an adult, and pulls out a photo frame.	
Ditto	pokemon	1	 Ditto agrees, and then a picture of a man with blue hair shows up with a Ditto's face which even licks Jessie on her face.	
Ditto	pokemon	74	 Ditto agrees, and then a picture of a man with blue hair shows up with a Ditto's face which even licks Jessie on her face.	
Ditto	pokemon	28	 Now angry, Jessie commands Ditto to once again become a Dratini; she points to the picture of the Pokémon in the book.	
Ditto	pokemon	10	 Instead, Ditto transforms into a book, which even aggravates Jessie further.	
Ditto	pokemon	51	 Ash then states about how a Trainer decides how a Ditto would transform.	
Ditto	pokemon	72	 Pidgeotto and Zubat, who were on guard, return with news that they saw Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	44	 Ash and friends then decide to go and save Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	37	Team Rocket, still trying to get the Ditto to transform correctly, try to get it to change into Meowth.	
Ditto	pokemon	19	 They then yell at Ditto because its face doesn't look like Meowth's after it transformed.	
Ditto	pokemon	26	Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Ditto	pokemon	82	Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Ditto	pokemon	19	 The group demands Ditto back, but they are surprised when they see two identical Meowth.	
Ditto	pokemon	64	 However, Duplica is happy that Team Rocket was able to get her Ditto to transform correctly.	
Ditto	pokemon	97	 Team Rocket try to trick them by giving them the real Meowth and escaping in their balloon with Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	53	 But Duplica says she can tell that Meowth isn't her Ditto, even though it looks identical to the other Meowth.	
Ditto	pokemon	63	 She throws Meowth at the balloon, causing Team Rocket to drop Ditto.	
Ditto	pokemon	9	Now that Ditto can transform perfectly, Duplica reopens her theater for performances.	
Ditto	pokemon	81	 She thanks Ash and his friends and they leave, with Ash hoping to catch his own Ditto someday.	
Brock	person	55	 However, this Pikachu's face is weird, which leads to Brock thinking it is a new kind of Pikachu.	
Brock	person	39	Meanwhile, back at the mansion, Misty, Brock, and Ash are trying to cheer Duplica up.	
Brock	person	78	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Zubat	pokemon	15	 Pidgeotto and Zubat, who were on guard, return with news that they saw Ditto.	
James	person	46	Once they are away from the house, Jessie and James try to test Ditto's power by having it turn into a Dratini from a picture in a book that they have, at first.	
James	person	24	 But then, Jessie stops James and says that they should have a little bit of fun before handing Ditto over to the boss.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth then try to get Jessie to show the picture to them, but she refuses.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth laugh out loud over the picture and the licking movement, which Jessie responded angrily by slapping them unconscious.	
James	person	17	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
James	person	100	 Duplica suggests they should all become actors and when they have a good laugh at this, Jessie and James become even more angry at this.	
James	person	1	 James then states to Duplica she got one part of the motto wrong.	
Misty	person	32	Meanwhile, back at the mansion, Misty, Brock, and Ash are trying to cheer Duplica up.	
Misty	person	85	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty notes it was great to do the whole thing and Ash notes he had figured out that the reason why Team Rocket say their motto a lot was because it's fun.	
Ash	person	20	 To their surprise, Ash's Pikachu is found playing with what seems to be another Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to capture it, but a girl dressed as Ash appears and stops him.	
Ash	person	48	 Ash tries to capture it, but a girl dressed as Ash appears and stops him.	
Ash	person	113	 Upon reading Ditto's entry in the Pokédex and hearing that it can't learn any other attacks besides Transform, Ash becomes unconvinced of its usefulness in a battle, so Duplica challenges him to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash chooses Bulbasaur and tries to attack using Razor Leaf, but Duplica's Ditto Transforms and wins using a Vine Whip attack.	
Ash	person	50	Meanwhile, back at the mansion, Misty, Brock, and Ash are trying to cheer Duplica up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then states about how a Trainer decides how a Ditto would transform.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends then decide to go and save Ditto.	
Ash	person	148	Team Rocket is happy that Ditto can now transform correctly, and Meowth then asks Ditto to transform into Dratini, but they are then interrupted by Ash's voice.	
Ash	person	73	 When Jessie and James hear this and turn around, spotlights appear over Ash, Brock, Misty and Duplica, dressed in Team Rocket uniforms.	
Ash	person	52	 Misty notes it was great to do the whole thing and Ash notes he had figured out that the reason why Team Rocket say their motto a lot was because it's fun.	
Ash	person	12	 She thanks Ash and his friends and they leave, with Ash hoping to catch his own Ditto someday.	
Ash	person	53	 She thanks Ash and his friends and they leave, with Ash hoping to catch his own Ditto someday.	
