Pokémon Center	building	66	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Pokémon Center	building	103	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Pokémon Center	building	37	The heroes decide to check in on the Pokémon Center.	
Thunder Shock	move	64	 Team's Rocket's attempt to stop them were stopped by Pikachu's Thunder Shock.	
Dr. Akihabara	person	162	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!Dr. Akihabara, the inventor of the Pokémon Transport System, is at the Center trying to figure out what went wrong with the system.	
Matcha City	settlement	85	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Team Rocket	group	82	 Akihabara introduces Porygon to the group and explains that some thieves, namely Team Rocket, have stolen his other prototype Porygon, and are causing havoc.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is literally inside the system, blocking the Poké Balls from reaching the Pokémon Centers and keeping them for themselves.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 So, Akihabara's solution is to send Ash and friends into the machine with Porygon to defeat Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.Team Rocket are celebrating their so-far successful raid of Pokémon, confident since they are where no human has ever gone before.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.Team Rocket are celebrating their so-far successful raid of Pokémon, confident since they are where no human has ever gone before.	
Team Rocket	group	9	 Just as Team Rocket claims that no one can catch them, Porygon floats into view, infuriating Meowth.	
Team Rocket	group	81	 Ash and his friends decide to capitalize on the distraction to move the barrier Team Rocket built to hold back all the Poké Balls that were intended to be delivered to the Pokémon Centers.	
Team Rocket	group	32	 Then, Akihabara's Porygon sent Team Rocket and the prototype Porygon "blasting off again".	
Team Rocket	group	129	 Nurse Joy has hired another technician to put the anti-virus vaccine program into the computer, and it indiscriminately targets Team Rocket and Ash and his friends.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 From the ground, Team Rocket call Ash out for running away, but are corrected by Ash when he tells them to run from the Vaccine.	
Team Rocket	group	103	 Revealing a gigantic particle gun, it locks onto the prototype Porygon and fires a huge beam, sending Team Rocket downward into a cyberspace bug hole created by the powerful attack.	
Team Rocket	group	125	 The bug holes created by the vaccine's beam cause a system error, and Joy orders the technician not to use the attack again.Team Rocket awakens at the bottom of one of the bug pits, and realize that their Porygon is knocked out and that they cannot escape.	
Team Rocket	group	79	 The flying Vaccine locks onto them again, and it seems that it's all over for Team Rocket if it wasn't for a last minute save by Bulbasaur's Vine Whip.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 Held onto Akihabara's Porygon by Bulbasaur, Team Rocket weighs Porygon down and slows down its progress toward the exit portal.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket spitefully thank Ash for saving them, and then quickly exit, forgetting their prototype Porygon.	
Conversion	move	41	 Then Porygon regains composure and uses Conversion.	
Poison Gas	move	14	 Weezing uses Poison Gas on them, making Ash and friends cough.	
Vine Whip	move	142	 The flying Vaccine locks onto them again, and it seems that it's all over for Team Rocket if it wasn't for a last minute save by Bulbasaur's Vine Whip.	
Akihabara	person	1	 Akihabara, the inventor of the Pokémon Transport System, is at the Center trying to figure out what went wrong with the system.	
Akihabara	person	1	 Akihabara explains that the system couldn't have been infected with a virus because he designed the circuits so well.	
Akihabara	person	54	 However, upon further investigation into the system, Akihabara unexpectedly gasps and suddenly bolts out of the Center, leaving Joy and the others confused.	
Akihabara	person	33	Ash, Misty, and Brock break into Akihabara's huge laboratory mansion to figure out what happened to him.	
Akihabara	person	59	 Inside, they are startled by a giant holographic image of Akihabara's head.	
Akihabara	person	17	 After realizing Akihabara is still friendly, Ash and his friends are lead into a room with a giant machine.	
Akihabara	person	1	 Akihabara introduces Porygon to the group and explains that some thieves, namely Team Rocket, have stolen his other prototype Porygon, and are causing havoc.	
Akihabara	person	1	 Akihabara can't send the anti-virus vaccine in there because humans are inside the computer, and the vaccine would surely blow them to pieces.	
Akihabara	person	5	 So, Akihabara's solution is to send Ash and friends into the machine with Porygon to defeat Team Rocket.	
Akihabara	person	33	 Ash and his friends refuse, but Akihabara traps them inside the Human Transporter and they are eventually sucked into cyberspace.	
Akihabara	person	80	Jessie decides to send their prototype Porygon out next, which looks similar to Akihabara's Porygon, except that it bears a "R" flag on its tail and a zero on its forehead.	
Akihabara	person	7	 Then, Akihabara's Porygon sent Team Rocket and the prototype Porygon "blasting off again".	
Akihabara	person	1	 Akihabara, represented by a floating TV screen, tells them that trouble is afoot again.	
Akihabara	person	114	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Akihabara	person	19	 The passengers of Akihabara's Porygon shield their eyes from the blinding red and blue light.	
Akihabara	person	11	 Held onto Akihabara's Porygon by Bulbasaur, Team Rocket weighs Porygon down and slows down its progress toward the exit portal.	
Akihabara	person	24	 The vaccine locks onto Akihabara's Porygon, and fires four more missiles.	
Akihabara	person	134	 It buys Porygon just enough time for it to escape through the exit portal as the next two missiles hit the portal itself, destroying Akihabara's entire house, much to Akihabara's dismay, as his Human Transporter is now in pieces.	
Akihabara	person	168	 It buys Porygon just enough time for it to escape through the exit portal as the next two missiles hit the portal itself, destroying Akihabara's entire house, much to Akihabara's dismay, as his Human Transporter is now in pieces.	
Nurse Joy	person	163	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy is told about an anti-virus vaccine, which is a powerful software made to fix the problem.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy has hired another technician to put the anti-virus vaccine program into the computer, and it indiscriminately targets Team Rocket and Ash and his friends.	
Nurse Joy	person	60	 Trying to fix the problem himself, the doctor did not tell Nurse Joy that the problem was caused by real people and not a virus.	
Nurse Joy	person	20	 Inside the Center, Nurse Joy and the technician are amazed by the resilience of the "virus" and command the Vaccine to unleash a powerful attack.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy is relieved to see the Transport system working again, oblivious to the fact that Ash and friends risked their lives to fix the system.	
Nurse Joy	person	63	 In the end, however, Ash, Brock, and Misty decide not to tell Nurse Joy of the ordeal.	
Star Wars	item	104	The vaccine transforms into an object that resembles a flying spaceship, looking like a cross between a Star Wars X-wing and a medical needle, and takes pursuit.	
Poké Ball	item	28	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Poké Ball	item	70	 The Vaccine launches a few rockets that destroy the remainder of the Poké Ball barrier in sparkly, flashing red and blue explosions.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	130	 The flying Vaccine locks onto them again, and it seems that it's all over for Team Rocket if it wasn't for a last minute save by Bulbasaur's Vine Whip.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	34	 Held onto Akihabara's Porygon by Bulbasaur, Team Rocket weighs Porygon down and slows down its progress toward the exit portal.	
Sharpen	move	23	 Jessie's Porygon uses Sharpen to give itself a sword-like beak and tries to attack the other Porygon, who has also changed shape to counter it.	
Porygon	pokemon	25	 It is at that time that Porygon appears in the midst of them.	
Porygon	pokemon	22	 Akihabara introduces Porygon to the group and explains that some thieves, namely Team Rocket, have stolen his other prototype Porygon, and are causing havoc.	
Porygon	pokemon	127	 Akihabara introduces Porygon to the group and explains that some thieves, namely Team Rocket, have stolen his other prototype Porygon, and are causing havoc.	
Porygon	pokemon	75	 So, Akihabara's solution is to send Ash and friends into the machine with Porygon to defeat Team Rocket.	
Porygon	pokemon	49	The group falls into the Transporter system, but Porygon flies beneath them, grows in size, and catches them.	
Porygon	pokemon	11	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.	
Porygon	pokemon	56	 Just as Team Rocket claims that no one can catch them, Porygon floats into view, infuriating Meowth.	
Porygon	pokemon	6	 Then Porygon regains composure and uses Conversion.	
Porygon	pokemon	1	 Porygon's skin color becomes purple, like Weezing's.	
Porygon	pokemon	1	 Porygon charges, with the group still riding it, right into Weezing and Arbok, effectively knocking them out.	
Porygon	pokemon	39	Jessie decides to send their prototype Porygon out next, which looks similar to Akihabara's Porygon, except that it bears a "R" flag on its tail and a zero on its forehead.	
Porygon	pokemon	92	Jessie decides to send their prototype Porygon out next, which looks similar to Akihabara's Porygon, except that it bears a "R" flag on its tail and a zero on its forehead.	
Porygon	pokemon	10	 Jessie's Porygon uses Sharpen to give itself a sword-like beak and tries to attack the other Porygon, who has also changed shape to counter it.	
Porygon	pokemon	94	 Jessie's Porygon uses Sharpen to give itself a sword-like beak and tries to attack the other Porygon, who has also changed shape to counter it.	
Porygon	pokemon	19	 Then, Akihabara's Porygon sent Team Rocket and the prototype Porygon "blasting off again".	
Porygon	pokemon	62	 Then, Akihabara's Porygon sent Team Rocket and the prototype Porygon "blasting off again".	
Porygon	pokemon	36	 As the Vaccine targets the heroes, Porygon gathers Ash and his friends and attempts to escape.	
Porygon	pokemon	26	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Porygon	pokemon	126	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Porygon	pokemon	44	 It launches more missiles that both of the Porygon dodge with difficulty.	
Porygon	pokemon	64	 Revealing a gigantic particle gun, it locks onto the prototype Porygon and fires a huge beam, sending Team Rocket downward into a cyberspace bug hole created by the powerful attack.	
Porygon	pokemon	31	 The passengers of Akihabara's Porygon shield their eyes from the blinding red and blue light.	
Porygon	pokemon	81	Team Rocket awakens at the bottom of one of the bug pits, and realize that their Porygon is knocked out and that they cannot escape.	
Porygon	pokemon	23	 Held onto Akihabara's Porygon by Bulbasaur, Team Rocket weighs Porygon down and slows down its progress toward the exit portal.	
Porygon	pokemon	64	 Held onto Akihabara's Porygon by Bulbasaur, Team Rocket weighs Porygon down and slows down its progress toward the exit portal.	
Porygon	pokemon	36	 The vaccine locks onto Akihabara's Porygon, and fires four more missiles.	
Porygon	pokemon	1	 Porygon is tired and cannot dodge the missiles.	
Porygon	pokemon	9	 It buys Porygon just enough time for it to escape through the exit portal as the next two missiles hit the portal itself, destroying Akihabara's entire house, much to Akihabara's dismay, as his Human Transporter is now in pieces.	
Porygon	pokemon	101	 Team Rocket spitefully thank Ash for saving them, and then quickly exit, forgetting their prototype Porygon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	128	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Pikachu	pokemon	49	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.	
Pikachu	pokemon	54	 Team's Rocket's attempt to stop them were stopped by Pikachu's Thunder Shock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	  Scene after Pikachu blew up the missile.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu steps in and launches a destructive electric attack, detonating two of the missiles in a huge red and blue flashing explosion that covers the entire screen.	
Thunder	move	64	 Team's Rocket's attempt to stop them were stopped by Pikachu's Thunder Shock.	
Weezing	pokemon	37	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing into a battle.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing uses Poison Gas on them, making Ash and friends cough.	
Weezing	pokemon	43	 Porygon's skin color becomes purple, like Weezing's.	
Weezing	pokemon	61	 Porygon charges, with the group still riding it, right into Weezing and Arbok, effectively knocking them out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Pokémon	pokemon	103	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Pokémon	pokemon	153	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Akihabara, the inventor of the Pokémon Transport System, is at the Center trying to figure out what went wrong with the system.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 Team Rocket is literally inside the system, blocking the Poké Balls from reaching the Pokémon Centers and keeping them for themselves.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	Team Rocket are celebrating their so-far successful raid of Pokémon, confident since they are where no human has ever gone before.	
Pokémon	pokemon	174	 Ash and his friends decide to capitalize on the distraction to move the barrier Team Rocket built to hold back all the Poké Balls that were intended to be delivered to the Pokémon Centers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	The heroes decide to check in on the Pokémon Center.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing into a battle.	
Jessie	person	110	 Porygon charges, with the group still riding it, right into Weezing and Arbok, effectively knocking them out.Jessie decides to send their prototype Porygon out next, which looks similar to Akihabara's Porygon, except that it bears a "R" flag on its tail and a zero on its forehead.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie's Porygon uses Sharpen to give itself a sword-like beak and tries to attack the other Porygon, who has also changed shape to counter it.	
Jessie	person	53	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Meowth	pokemon	94	 Just as Team Rocket claims that no one can catch them, Porygon floats into view, infuriating Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Matcha	settlement	85	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
X-wing	item	114	The vaccine transforms into an object that resembles a flying spaceship, looking like a cross between a Star Wars X-wing and a medical needle, and takes pursuit.	
Brock	person	39	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suggests that a computer virus could be the source of the problem.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock break into Akihabara's huge laboratory mansion to figure out what happened to him.	
Brock	person	39	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.	
Brock	person	27	 In the end, however, Ash, Brock, and Misty decide not to tell Nurse Joy of the ordeal.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing into a battle.	
James	person	64	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Misty	person	29	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock break into Akihabara's huge laboratory mansion to figure out what happened to him.	
Misty	person	32	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.	
Misty	person	38	 In the end, however, Ash, Brock, and Misty decide not to tell Nurse Joy of the ordeal.	
Arbok	pokemon	27	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing into a battle.	
Arbok	pokemon	73	 Porygon charges, with the group still riding it, right into Weezing and Arbok, effectively knocking them out.	
Poké	item	28	 There's a problem with the Poké Ball transporter — the Pokémon she sends never arrives at another Pokémon Center, and it's replaced by a different Pokémon!	
Poké	item	58	 Team Rocket is literally inside the system, blocking the Poké Balls from reaching the Pokémon Centers and keeping them for themselves.	
Poké	item	120	 Ash and his friends decide to capitalize on the distraction to move the barrier Team Rocket built to hold back all the Poké Balls that were intended to be delivered to the Pokémon Centers.	
Poké	item	70	 The Vaccine launches a few rockets that destroy the remainder of the Poké Ball barrier in sparkly, flashing red and blue explosions.	
Poké	item	93	 Meowth and the prototype Porygon rescue a panicking Jessie and James from the moving sea of Poké Balls and join Akihabara's Porygon in an attempt to escape.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Ash	person	116	The episode begins with Ash, Misty and Brock going to the nearest Pokémon Center in Matcha City in order to revive Ash's tired Pikachu when they see a distressed Nurse Joy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash confuses his explanation of a computer virus with a biological one and thinks the transport system is actually sick.	
Ash	person	157	 However, upon further investigation into the system, Akihabara unexpectedly gasps and suddenly bolts out of the Center, leaving Joy and the others confused.Ash, Misty, and Brock break into Akihabara's huge laboratory mansion to figure out what happened to him.	
Ash	person	46	 After realizing Akihabara is still friendly, Ash and his friends are lead into a room with a giant machine.	
Ash	person	37	 So, Akihabara's solution is to send Ash and friends into the machine with Porygon to defeat Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends refuse, but Akihabara traps them inside the Human Transporter and they are eventually sucked into cyberspace.	
Ash	person	27	 Riding on Porygon's back, Ash, Misty, Brock and Pikachu ride over to Team Rocket's location.	
Ash	person	41	 Weezing uses Poison Gas on them, making Ash and friends cough.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends decide to capitalize on the distraction to move the barrier Team Rocket built to hold back all the Poké Balls that were intended to be delivered to the Pokémon Centers.	
Ash	person	91	 Then, Akihabara's Porygon sent Team Rocket and the prototype Porygon "blasting off again".Ash and friends weren't out of the woods yet.	
Ash	person	145	 Nurse Joy has hired another technician to put the anti-virus vaccine program into the computer, and it indiscriminately targets Team Rocket and Ash and his friends.	
Ash	person	52	 As the Vaccine targets the heroes, Porygon gathers Ash and his friends and attempts to escape.	
Ash	person	35	 From the ground, Team Rocket call Ash out for running away, but are corrected by Ash when he tells them to run from the Vaccine.	
Ash	person	82	 From the ground, Team Rocket call Ash out for running away, but are corrected by Ash when he tells them to run from the Vaccine.	
Ash	person	31	In the remains of the mansion, Ash and friends are relieved to be back in the real world.	
Ash	person	30	 Team Rocket spitefully thank Ash for saving them, and then quickly exit, forgetting their prototype Porygon.	
Ash	person	93	 Nurse Joy is relieved to see the Transport system working again, oblivious to the fact that Ash and friends risked their lives to fix the system.	
Ash	person	22	 In the end, however, Ash, Brock, and Misty decide not to tell Nurse Joy of the ordeal.	
