Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	37	 Brock claimed it must have accepted Ash's Pikachu.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	71	 The small Pikachu, watching their conversation, fell into a river and Ash's Pikachu jumped in to save it.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	47	 Ash and his friends watched and saw how happy Ash's Pikachu was.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Team Rocket started sailing away with the Pikachu but Ash's Pikachu began chewing at the net and broke it.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Ash's Pikachu bit a hole in the balloon and Team Rocket started "blasting off again".	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket saw the Pikachu and decided that they would capture all of them for their Boss.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket started sailing away with the Pikachu but Ash's Pikachu began chewing at the net and broke it.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 Ash's Pikachu bit a hole in the balloon and Team Rocket started "blasting off again".	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu came over to see if Ash was all right when he saw a small Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Pikachu came over to see if Ash was all right when he saw a small Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	93	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	116	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu said hello but the wild Pikachu got scared and ran off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Pikachu said hello but the wild Pikachu got scared and ran off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu started to walk away, but the small Pikachu came over and shook tails with him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Pikachu started to walk away, but the small Pikachu came over and shook tails with him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Brock claimed it must have accepted Ash's Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	Later, Ash asks Brock and Misty why the Pikachu ran away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Brock tells him that he probably scared the Pikachu, because they were not used to human contact in the deep forest they were in.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 The small Pikachu, watching their conversation, fell into a river and Ash's Pikachu jumped in to save it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 The small Pikachu, watching their conversation, fell into a river and Ash's Pikachu jumped in to save it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	5	 The Pikachu all started joining tails to save them and they succeeded.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	Meanwhile, Team Rocket saw the Pikachu and decided that they would capture all of them for their Boss.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	At night, all of the Pikachu started singing their Pikachu chant.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	At night, all of the Pikachu started singing their Pikachu chant.	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 Ash and his friends watched and saw how happy Ash's Pikachu was.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 He stayed up while Misty and Brock slept and saw Pikachu's face in the fire.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	 He thought maybe Pikachu should be with his own kind.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 The fire finally went out, with the image of Pikachu running away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Suddenly, the Pikachu screamed for help.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 Ash, Brock, and Misty went to investigate the noise immediately, only to find all the Pikachu captured in a net which was, as Jessie said, electric-proof.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Team Rocket started sailing away with the Pikachu but Ash's Pikachu began chewing at the net and broke it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 Team Rocket started sailing away with the Pikachu but Ash's Pikachu began chewing at the net and broke it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Ash and his friends held up the net they were captured in and the Pikachu jumped into it unharmed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 Ash's Pikachu bit a hole in the balloon and Team Rocket started "blasting off again".	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 Ash started to walk away without Pikachu and Misty and Brock asked him why.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 He said Pikachu would be happier here.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu started following but Ash yelled at him to stay behind.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 He ran away and remembered a lot about Pikachu, having a flashback of many memories of their previous adventures.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Behind Ash, his Pikachu shook tails with the small Pikachu and all the wild Pikachu started chanting.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 Behind Ash, his Pikachu shook tails with the small Pikachu and all the wild Pikachu started chanting.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 Behind Ash, his Pikachu shook tails with the small Pikachu and all the wild Pikachu started chanting.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu ran into Ash's arms.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 The episode ended with Ash and Pikachu hugging, with the narrator saying that in their hearts, they know that they will face every challenge together.	
Jessie	person	127	 Ash, Brock, and Misty went to investigate the noise immediately, only to find all the Pikachu captured in a net which was, as Jessie said, electric-proof.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock were resting in the forest.	
Brock	person	44	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock claimed it must have accepted Ash's Pikachu.	
Brock	person	16	Later, Ash asks Brock and Misty why the Pikachu ran away.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tells him that he probably scared the Pikachu, because they were not used to human contact in the deep forest they were in.	
Brock	person	30	 He stayed up while Misty and Brock slept and saw Pikachu's face in the fire.	
Brock	person	6	 Ash, Brock, and Misty went to investigate the noise immediately, only to find all the Pikachu captured in a net which was, as Jessie said, electric-proof.	
Brock	person	56	 Ash started to walk away without Pikachu and Misty and Brock asked him why.	
Brock	person	35	Finally, Ash stopped and Misty and Brock caught up to him.	
James	person	1	 James shot a net at Ash and his friends, but they got out of it very easily.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock were resting in the forest.	
Misty	person	34	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Misty	person	26	Later, Ash asks Brock and Misty why the Pikachu ran away.	
Misty	person	20	 He stayed up while Misty and Brock slept and saw Pikachu's face in the fire.	
Misty	person	17	 Ash, Brock, and Misty went to investigate the noise immediately, only to find all the Pikachu captured in a net which was, as Jessie said, electric-proof.	
Misty	person	46	 Ash started to walk away without Pikachu and Misty and Brock asked him why.	
Misty	person	25	Finally, Ash stopped and Misty and Brock caught up to him.	
Boss	person	97	Meanwhile, Team Rocket saw the Pikachu and decided that they would capture all of them for their Boss.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash started to swing on vines, but he slammed into a tree.	
Ash	person	29	 Pikachu came over to see if Ash was all right when he saw a small Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu ran after it and Misty and Brock followed them, only to see a whole clan of Pikachu with the small Pikachu in a clearing.	
Ash	person	37	 Brock claimed it must have accepted Ash's Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash ran toward them, yelling that he wants to be part of their group, but he scared them and they ran off.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash asks Brock and Misty why the Pikachu ran away.	
Ash	person	71	 The small Pikachu, watching their conversation, fell into a river and Ash's Pikachu jumped in to save it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends watched and saw how happy Ash's Pikachu was.	
Ash	person	47	 Ash and his friends watched and saw how happy Ash's Pikachu was.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash was sad, but when asked what was wrong claimed it was nothing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Brock, and Misty went to investigate the noise immediately, only to find all the Pikachu captured in a net which was, as Jessie said, electric-proof.	
Ash	person	21	 James shot a net at Ash and his friends, but they got out of it very easily.	
Ash	person	55	 Team Rocket started sailing away with the Pikachu but Ash's Pikachu began chewing at the net and broke it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends held up the net they were captured in and the Pikachu jumped into it unharmed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pikachu bit a hole in the balloon and Team Rocket started "blasting off again".	
Ash	person	1	 Ash started to walk away without Pikachu and Misty and Brock asked him why.	
Ash	person	31	 Pikachu started following but Ash yelled at him to stay behind.	
Ash	person	9	Finally, Ash stopped and Misty and Brock caught up to him.	
Ash	person	8	 Behind Ash, his Pikachu shook tails with the small Pikachu and all the wild Pikachu started chanting.	
Ash	person	18	 Pikachu ran into Ash's arms.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash was so touched that he started to cry.	
Ash	person	24	 The episode ended with Ash and Pikachu hugging, with the narrator saying that in their hearts, they know that they will face every challenge together.	
