Evolution Mountain	region	54	 Brock says to them that Stone Town is at the foot of Evolution Mountain, which contains evolution stones that allow certain Pokémon to evolve.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	105	 Misty tells him that he was just running away from his problems, and that it is his responsibility as a Pokémon Trainer to tell his brothers that he doesn't want Eevee to evolve.	
Misty's Psyduck	pokemon	72	 Once the smoke clears, everyone realizes that all the Pokémon (except Misty's Psyduck, much to her annoyance), the evolution stones, and the food are all missing.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	16	On their way to Cinnabar Island for the seventh Gym battle, Ash and his friends are walking through a forest when Pikachu hears a Pokémon's cry.	
Poison Sting	move	12	 Arbok uses Poison Sting, while Jolteon counters with Pin Missile which hits Arbok.	
Team Rocket	group	58	 Meanwhile, up on top of a hill, unbeknownst to everyone, Team Rocket sees all of the evolved Pokémon and hear about the stones, and also crave for the food.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket arrives in their balloon and does their motto while eating all of the party food.	
Team Rocket	group	30	 Pidgeotto goes to search for Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	4	 As Team Rocket are walking down the road with the Pokémon in cages, Horsea leaves a trail of ink so that everyone will know where they are headed to.	
Team Rocket	group	39	At the lake with the trapped Pokémon, Team Rocket has a picnic with the food that they stole.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries to run away, but Flareon uses Fire Spin to stop them.	
Team Rocket	group	26	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on Team Rocket, but they keep going.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket decides that it's time to finish them off.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 Eevee sends Team Rocket blasting off with the attack.	
Team Rocket	group	31	Meanwhile, later in the night, Team Rocket is eating food that isn't as fancy.	
Pin Missile	move	54	 Arbok uses Poison Sting, while Jolteon counters with Pin Missile which hits Arbok.	
Thunderbolt	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on Team Rocket, but they keep going.	
SmokeScreen	move	19	 Weezing then uses SmokeScreen over everyone.	
SmokeScreen	move	50	 Ash brings out Pidgeotto to use Gust to blow the SmokeScreen away.	
Acid Armor	move	61	 Weezing uses Sludge, but Vaporeon enters the water and uses Acid Armor to go invisible to avoid the attack.	
Stone Town	settlement	180	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Stone Town	settlement	25	 Brock says to them that Stone Town is at the foot of Evolution Mountain, which contains evolution stones that allow certain Pokémon to evolve.	
Stone Town	settlement	17	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Evolution	item	54	 Brock says to them that Stone Town is at the foot of Evolution Mountain, which contains evolution stones that allow certain Pokémon to evolve.	
Poké Ball	item	83	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.	
Fire Spin	move	49	 Team Rocket tries to run away, but Flareon uses Fire Spin to stop them.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	16	 Ash brings out Pidgeotto to use Gust to blow the SmokeScreen away.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	71	Brock notices that they are getting away in their balloon, and Ash has Pidgeotto stop it.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto goes to search for Team Rocket.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto sees the ink on the ground.	
Water Gun	move	52	 They go to evolve Eevee, when Ash has Squirtle use Water Gun to stop them.	
Water Gun	move	72	 Before it can attack, Psyduck appears in front of Squirtle and tries a Water Gun but fails.	
Water Gun	move	14	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Take Down	move	29	 Mikey commands Eevee to use Take Down, and then has Eevee turn it into a rage Tackle.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	165	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	38	The brothers get ready to attack with Vaporeon, Jolteon, and Flareon.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	26	 Weezing uses Sludge, but Vaporeon enters the water and uses Acid Armor to go invisible to avoid the attack.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	28	 Weezing's attack misses as Vaporeon jumps out of the water and uses Tackle to send Weezing to the ground on top of James.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	154	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Squirtle	pokemon	39	 They go to evolve Eevee, when Ash has Squirtle use Water Gun to stop them.	
Squirtle	pokemon	51	 Before it can attack, Psyduck appears in front of Squirtle and tries a Water Gun but fails.	
Squirtle	pokemon	94	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	114	On their way to Cinnabar Island for the seventh Gym battle, Ash and his friends are walking through a forest when Pikachu hears a Pokémon's cry.	
Pikachu	pokemon	100	 Brock comments that the family sure is competitive, especially when they try to push Ash to evolve Pikachu and Brock to evolve Vulpix.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu plays with Eevee, and Misty mentions how he once had the chance to evolve and chose not to.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on Team Rocket, but they keep going.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing then uses SmokeScreen over everyone.	
Weezing	pokemon	46	 She brings out Arbok, while James brings out Weezing to attack Misty.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing uses Sludge, but Vaporeon enters the water and uses Acid Armor to go invisible to avoid the attack.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing's attack misses as Vaporeon jumps out of the water and uses Tackle to send Weezing to the ground on top of James.	
Weezing	pokemon	84	 Weezing's attack misses as Vaporeon jumps out of the water and uses Tackle to send Weezing to the ground on top of James.	
Weezing	pokemon	119	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Psyduck	pokemon	80	 Once the smoke clears, everyone realizes that all the Pokémon (except Misty's Psyduck, much to her annoyance), the evolution stones, and the food are all missing.	
Psyduck	pokemon	23	 Before it can attack, Psyduck appears in front of Squirtle and tries a Water Gun but fails.	
Psyduck	pokemon	68	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck clicks a button to take the picture, but falls as the camera takes the shot.	
Trainer	person	114	 Misty tells him that he was just running away from his problems, and that it is his responsibility as a Pokémon Trainer to tell his brothers that he doesn't want Eevee to evolve.	
Trainer	person	61	 He also tells his brothers that he wants to become an Eevee Trainer.	
Flareon	pokemon	152	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Flareon	pokemon	61	The brothers get ready to attack with Vaporeon, Jolteon, and Flareon.	
Flareon	pokemon	36	 Team Rocket tries to run away, but Flareon uses Fire Spin to stop them.	
Flareon	pokemon	142	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	130	On their way to Cinnabar Island for the seventh Gym battle, Ash and his friends are walking through a forest when Pikachu hears a Pokémon's cry.	
Pokémon	pokemon	125	 Brock says to them that Stone Town is at the foot of Evolution Mountain, which contains evolution stones that allow certain Pokémon to evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 They see that almost all of the Pokémon at the party are ones that evolve with evolution stones.	
Pokémon	pokemon	94	 Meanwhile, up on top of a hill, unbeknownst to everyone, Team Rocket sees all of the evolved Pokémon and hear about the stones, and also crave for the food.	
Pokémon	pokemon	131	 The brothers, who each own one of the Eevee stone evolutions, mention that the only way to win battles is for Mikey to evolve his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 Mikey says that he doesn't care about battles, which makes his brothers and their Pokémon mad, and they push Mikey even harder about which of the Eevee evolutions is stronger.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 Misty tells him that he was just running away from his problems, and that it is his responsibility as a Pokémon Trainer to tell his brothers that he doesn't want Eevee to evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 Once the smoke clears, everyone realizes that all the Pokémon (except Misty's Psyduck, much to her annoyance), the evolution stones, and the food are all missing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 As Team Rocket are walking down the road with the Pokémon in cages, Horsea leaves a trail of ink so that everyone will know where they are headed to.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	At the lake with the trapped Pokémon, Team Rocket has a picnic with the food that they stole.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Misty and Ash prepare to battle with their Pokémon, but the Eevee Brothers stop them and say that they must be the ones to battle, since it is their brother's Eevee that was stolen.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	As Mikey pulls Eevee out of the cage, he looks over and notices that his brothers' Pokémon are severely hurt.	
Jolteon	pokemon	143	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Jolteon	pokemon	48	The brothers get ready to attack with Vaporeon, Jolteon, and Flareon.	
Jolteon	pokemon	32	 Arbok uses Poison Sting, while Jolteon counters with Pin Missile which hits Arbok.	
Jolteon	pokemon	104	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Pokédex	item	31	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Pokédex	item	46	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Sparky	pokemon	46	The three brothers who are hosting the party, Sparky, Rainer, and Pyro, see Ash and his friends with Eevee, and says that that Eevee is the star of the party.	
Sparky	pokemon	45	 The Eevee brothers accept his decision, and Sparky says that they should turn the party into a celebration of Mikey's first victory.	
Jessie	person	42	 They soon get to arguing about it, until Jessie blows a whistle and says that they should use all evolution stones at once.	
Jessie	person	77	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Jessie	person	73	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Jessie	person	27	 Horsea spits out ink into Jessie's face which sends Eevee flying and it lands in Mikey's arms.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says that they will be champions of the world, as they all say "some day".	
Meowth	pokemon	37	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Tackle	move	69	 Weezing's attack misses as Vaporeon jumps out of the water and uses Tackle to send Weezing to the ground on top of James.	
Tackle	move	94	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Tackle	move	79	 Mikey commands Eevee to use Take Down, and then has Eevee turn it into a rage Tackle.	
Sludge	move	14	 Weezing uses Sludge, but Vaporeon enters the water and uses Acid Armor to go invisible to avoid the attack.	
Sludge	move	132	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Horsea	pokemon	21	As Misty watches her Horsea swim around in the fountain, she looks over to see Mikey on the bench with a drink, and offers some food to him, telling him not to let his brothers push him around.	
Horsea	pokemon	70	 As Team Rocket are walking down the road with the Pokémon in cages, Horsea leaves a trail of ink so that everyone will know where they are headed to.	
Horsea	pokemon	1	 Horsea spits out ink into Jessie's face which sends Eevee flying and it lands in Mikey's arms.	
Vulpix	pokemon	128	 Brock comments that the family sure is competitive, especially when they try to push Ash to evolve Pikachu and Brock to evolve Vulpix.	
Eevee	pokemon	91	 It leads the group towards the cry and shows them that inside of the base of a tree is an Eevee tied to a post.	
Eevee	pokemon	16	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Eevee	pokemon	108	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Eevee	pokemon	79	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Eevee	pokemon	101	The three brothers who are hosting the party, Sparky, Rainer, and Pyro, see Ash and his friends with Eevee, and says that that Eevee is the star of the party.	
Eevee	pokemon	127	The three brothers who are hosting the party, Sparky, Rainer, and Pyro, see Ash and his friends with Eevee, and says that that Eevee is the star of the party.	
Eevee	pokemon	53	 They call for their youngest brother, Mikey, who is Eevee's trainer.	
Eevee	pokemon	39	 The brothers, who each own one of the Eevee stone evolutions, mention that the only way to win battles is for Mikey to evolve his Pokémon.	
Eevee	pokemon	148	 Mikey says that he doesn't care about battles, which makes his brothers and their Pokémon mad, and they push Mikey even harder about which of the Eevee evolutions is stronger.	
Eevee	pokemon	41	 Misty asks if he really wants to evolve Eevee, and Mikey explains that his brothers only care about battling, so he hid his Eevee just for today so that nobody could make him evolve it.	
Eevee	pokemon	125	 Misty asks if he really wants to evolve Eevee, and Mikey explains that his brothers only care about battling, so he hid his Eevee just for today so that nobody could make him evolve it.	
Eevee	pokemon	164	 Misty tells him that he was just running away from his problems, and that it is his responsibility as a Pokémon Trainer to tell his brothers that he doesn't want Eevee to evolve.	
Eevee	pokemon	20	 Pikachu plays with Eevee, and Misty mentions how he once had the chance to evolve and chose not to.	
Eevee	pokemon	54	 They realize that they need to decide what to evolve Eevee into.	
Eevee	pokemon	19	 They go to evolve Eevee, when Ash has Squirtle use Water Gun to stop them.	
Eevee	pokemon	119	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Eevee	pokemon	62	 Misty and Ash prepare to battle with their Pokémon, but the Eevee Brothers stop them and say that they must be the ones to battle, since it is their brother's Eevee that was stolen.	
Eevee	pokemon	161	 Misty and Ash prepare to battle with their Pokémon, but the Eevee Brothers stop them and say that they must be the ones to battle, since it is their brother's Eevee that was stolen.	
Eevee	pokemon	53	 Horsea spits out ink into Jessie's face which sends Eevee flying and it lands in Mikey's arms.	
Eevee	pokemon	15	As Mikey pulls Eevee out of the cage, he looks over and notices that his brothers' Pokémon are severely hurt.	
Eevee	pokemon	41	 Mikey stands up and decides that he and Eevee are going to have their first battle.	
Eevee	pokemon	16	 Mikey commands Eevee to use Take Down, and then has Eevee turn it into a rage Tackle.	
Eevee	pokemon	53	 Mikey commands Eevee to use Take Down, and then has Eevee turn it into a rage Tackle.	
Eevee	pokemon	1	 Eevee sends Team Rocket blasting off with the attack.	
Eevee	pokemon	34	 Mikey jumps for joy and picks up Eevee after winning, while Eevee licks him to show affection.	
Eevee	pokemon	61	 Mikey jumps for joy and picks up Eevee after winning, while Eevee licks him to show affection.	
Eevee	pokemon	55	 He also tells his brothers that he wants to become an Eevee Trainer.	
Eevee	pokemon	5	 The Eevee brothers accept his decision, and Sparky says that they should turn the party into a celebration of Mikey's first victory.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says to them that Stone Town is at the foot of Evolution Mountain, which contains evolution stones that allow certain Pokémon to evolve.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock comments that the family sure is competitive, especially when they try to push Ash to evolve Pikachu and Brock to evolve Vulpix.	
Brock	person	112	 Brock comments that the family sure is competitive, especially when they try to push Ash to evolve Pikachu and Brock to evolve Vulpix.	
Brock	person	164	 Once the smoke clears, everyone realizes that all the Pokémon (except Misty's Psyduck, much to her annoyance), the evolution stones, and the food are all missing.Brock notices that they are getting away in their balloon, and Ash has Pidgeotto stop it.	
James	person	27	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
James	person	29	 She brings out Arbok, while James brings out Weezing to attack Misty.	
James	person	116	 Weezing's attack misses as Vaporeon jumps out of the water and uses Tackle to send Weezing to the ground on top of James.	
Misty	person	94	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Misty	person	3	As Misty watches her Horsea swim around in the fountain, she looks over to see Mikey on the bench with a drink, and offers some food to him, telling him not to let his brothers push him around.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks if he really wants to evolve Eevee, and Mikey explains that his brothers only care about battling, so he hid his Eevee just for today so that nobody could make him evolve it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells him that he was just running away from his problems, and that it is his responsibility as a Pokémon Trainer to tell his brothers that he doesn't want Eevee to evolve.	
Misty	person	31	 Pikachu plays with Eevee, and Misty mentions how he once had the chance to evolve and chose not to.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Mikey just to go right out and tell his brothers what he has wanted to say.	
Misty	person	72	 Once the smoke clears, everyone realizes that all the Pokémon (except Misty's Psyduck, much to her annoyance), the evolution stones, and the food are all missing.	
Misty	person	43	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	64	 She brings out Arbok, while James brings out Weezing to attack Misty.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash prepare to battle with their Pokémon, but the Eevee Brothers stop them and say that they must be the ones to battle, since it is their brother's Eevee that was stolen.	
Misty	person	14	 Mikey thanks Misty for helping him, gives her a flower, and they shake pinky fingers and promise to be friends forever.	
Water	type	52	 They go to evolve Eevee, when Ash has Squirtle use Water Gun to stop them.	
Water	type	72	 Before it can attack, Psyduck appears in front of Squirtle and tries a Water Gun but fails.	
Water	type	14	Squirtle uses Water Gun on James and Meowth, which sends them backwards, and Jessie tells them to stop as she picks up Eevee's cage.	
Arbok	pokemon	16	 She brings out Arbok, while James brings out Weezing to attack Misty.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok uses Poison Sting, while Jolteon counters with Pin Missile which hits Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	77	 Arbok uses Poison Sting, while Jolteon counters with Pin Missile which hits Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	84	 The brothers demand that Team Rocket give back the stolen Pokémon, but Jessie has Arbok use Tackle on Jolteon, while Weezing uses Sludge on Flareon and Vaporeon.	
Fire	type	49	 Team Rocket tries to run away, but Flareon uses Fire Spin to stop them.	
Acid	move	61	 Weezing uses Sludge, but Vaporeon enters the water and uses Acid Armor to go invisible to avoid the attack.	
Poké	item	83	 Team Rocket says that is embarrassing, as Misty agrees and returns Psyduck to its Poké Ball.	
Gust	move	33	 Ash brings out Pidgeotto to use Gust to blow the SmokeScreen away.	
Gym	building	48	On their way to Cinnabar Island for the seventh Gym battle, Ash and his friends are walking through a forest when Pikachu hears a Pokémon's cry.	
Ash	person	60	On their way to Cinnabar Island for the seventh Gym battle, Ash and his friends are walking through a forest when Pikachu hears a Pokémon's cry.	
Ash	person	41	 After scanning Eevee with his Pokédex, Ash wants to catch it since it may be abandoned, but Misty notices Eevee has a name tag and address on it saying that its trainer lives in Stone Town.	
Ash	person	29	 On their way to Stone Town, Ash looks in his Pokédex for more information on Eevee, and it mentions Eeeve's evolutions via evolution stones: Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon.	
Ash	person	76	The three brothers who are hosting the party, Sparky, Rainer, and Pyro, see Ash and his friends with Eevee, and says that that Eevee is the star of the party.	
Ash	person	86	 Brock comments that the family sure is competitive, especially when they try to push Ash to evolve Pikachu and Brock to evolve Vulpix.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out Pidgeotto to use Gust to blow the SmokeScreen away.	
Ash	person	63	Brock notices that they are getting away in their balloon, and Ash has Pidgeotto stop it.	
Ash	person	31	 They go to evolve Eevee, when Ash has Squirtle use Water Gun to stop them.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash prepare to battle with their Pokémon, but the Eevee Brothers stop them and say that they must be the ones to battle, since it is their brother's Eevee that was stolen.	
