Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	18	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.	
Sleeping Beauty	person	87	 After an alarm clock and a bucket of water prove unsuccessful, they decide to try the Sleeping Beauty approach, and get a Pokémon to kiss Snorlax.	
Team Rocket	group	17	" Shortly after, Team Rocket arrives, and are rude toward the hippie when he plays them a song and asks them for food.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 Soon after, Team Rocket arrives.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries to steal Snorlax, which Ash and his friends try to help them with, as it will unblock the flow of the river.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.	
Team Rocket	group	58	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket soon realizes that they won't be able to steal Snorlax, and then Snorlax rolls over on top of them.	
Razor Leaf	move	42	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.	
Poké Flute	item	49	 They run into a hippie, who plays a song on his Poké Flute (which wakes up Pikachu).	
Poké Flute	item	95	Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Poké Flute	item	30	 He wakes Snorlax up with his Poké Flute, but the river is still blocked.	
Poké Ball	item	52	 Ash even attempts to capture the Pokémon, but the Poké Ball just bounces right off of Snorlax's belly.	
Poké Ball	item	134	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	144	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	24	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading for another town, with Pikachu fast asleep.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 They run into a hippie, who plays a song on his Poké Flute (which wakes up Pikachu).	
Psyduck	pokemon	101	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Ash even attempts to capture the Pokémon, but the Poké Ball just bounces right off of Snorlax's belly.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 After an alarm clock and a bucket of water prove unsuccessful, they decide to try the Sleeping Beauty approach, and get a Pokémon to kiss Snorlax.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 They remember the hippie had a Pokémon flute, and run over to him to ask him to wake up Snorlax.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 The hungry Pokémon eats all of the thorns, successfully unplugging the river and ultimately saving the town.	
Snorlax	pokemon	139	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.	
Snorlax	pokemon	34	Ash, Misty, and Brock try to wake Snorlax up.	
Snorlax	pokemon	89	 Ash even attempts to capture the Pokémon, but the Poké Ball just bounces right off of Snorlax's belly.	
Snorlax	pokemon	28	 Team Rocket tries to steal Snorlax, which Ash and his friends try to help them with, as it will unblock the flow of the river.	
Snorlax	pokemon	33	 However, their attempt to steal Snorlax by attaching cables to their hot-air balloon doesn't work, so they decide to try to wake up Snorlax once again.	
Snorlax	pokemon	133	 However, their attempt to steal Snorlax by attaching cables to their hot-air balloon doesn't work, so they decide to try to wake up Snorlax once again.	
Snorlax	pokemon	140	 After an alarm clock and a bucket of water prove unsuccessful, they decide to try the Sleeping Beauty approach, and get a Pokémon to kiss Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	33	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Snorlax	pokemon	35	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	90	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	134	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	255	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	90	 They remember the hippie had a Pokémon flute, and run over to him to ask him to wake up Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	43	Ash and his friends take the hippie to the Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	38	 As it turns out, the hippie owns the Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	10	 He wakes Snorlax up with his Poké Flute, but the river is still blocked.	
Snorlax	pokemon	79	 The real source of the blockage is more thorns, but the thorns turn out to be Snorlax's favorite snack item.	
Snorlax	pokemon	26	After eating enough food, Snorlax goes back to sleep again.	
Snorlax	pokemon	60	 Team Rocket soon realizes that they won't be able to steal Snorlax, and then Snorlax rolls over on top of them.	
Snorlax	pokemon	78	 Team Rocket soon realizes that they won't be able to steal Snorlax, and then Snorlax rolls over on top of them.	
Jessie	person	86	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 Team Rocket forces Meowth to kiss Snorlax, but even this doesn't wake it up, even though Snorlax seemed to flinch when this happened.	
Horsea	pokemon	21	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading for another town, with Pikachu fast asleep.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock try to wake Snorlax up.	
Brock	person	26	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading for another town, with Pikachu fast asleep.	
Misty	person	27	 They run into thorns, and Misty gets cut by one of them.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock try to wake Snorlax up.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Misty	person	15	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Arbok	pokemon	114	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Poké	item	49	 They run into a hippie, who plays a song on his Poké Flute (which wakes up Pikachu).	
Poké	item	52	 Ash even attempts to capture the Pokémon, but the Poké Ball just bounces right off of Snorlax's belly.	
Poké	item	134	 Misty tries to have Horsea kiss Snorlax (because it is the "most noble" of all their Pokémon), but Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and kisses it instead.	
Poké	item	95	Snorlax then rolls over, revealing a card that tells them that only the beautiful music from a Poké Flute will awaken a Snorlax.	
Poké	item	30	 He wakes Snorlax up with his Poké Flute, but the river is still blocked.	
Gust	move	127	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".	
Ash	person	82	 After they walk away, he mentions that they should learn to respect their elders.Ash and company reach the town, only to find that there is no food, as there are no ingredients for cooking any food.	
Ash	person	5	 So, Ash and his friends head upstream to check it out.	
Ash	person	18	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.Ash, Misty, and Brock try to wake Snorlax up.	
Ash	person	198	 With the help of Ash's Bulbasaur and its Razor Leaf, they get through the thorns to find that the flow of the river is being blocked by a Snorlax, which is very big and weighs close to 1000 pounds.Ash, Misty, and Brock try to wake Snorlax up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash even attempts to capture the Pokémon, but the Poké Ball just bounces right off of Snorlax's belly.	
Ash	person	43	 Team Rocket tries to steal Snorlax, which Ash and his friends try to help them with, as it will unblock the flow of the river.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".Ash and his friends take the hippie to the Snorlax.	
Ash	person	186	 However, Ash, Misty, and Brock get into an argument with Team Rocket, and eventually Jessie tries to attack with Arbok, but a Gust attack from Pidgeotto sends them "blasting off again".Ash and his friends take the hippie to the Snorlax.	
