Pokémon Trainer	person	146	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Pokémon League	group	82	 Both Gyms seek official status, but to do so they would need the approval of the Pokémon League inspector, who is scheduled to arrive at any moment.	
Pokémon League	group	49	 The patron reveals herself to be Nurse Joy, the Pokémon League inspector (and Brock blushes once again upon seeing her), and tells everyone that neither Yas nor Kaz deserved to be an official Gym because street fighting would not be tolerated.	
Flamethrower	move	312	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
ThunderPunch	move	125	 Scyther, using a Swords Dance boosted Cut, manages to destroy Kaz forces and city buildings with ease, while Electabuzz and ThunderPunch manages to do the same against the Yas forces.	
Swords Dance	move	18	 Scyther, using a Swords Dance boosted Cut, manages to destroy Kaz forces and city buildings with ease, while Electabuzz and ThunderPunch manages to do the same against the Yas forces.	
Team Rocket	group	62	At that point, the safety of the restaurant is shattered when Team Rocket, hired by the Kaz Gym as elite bodyguards, invades the restaurant in disguise and demand food.	
Team Rocket	group	205	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Team Rocket	group	271	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, having been covered in juice just as a building falls on them during the battle, are run out of town by Scyther and Electabuzz in their red-induced rage.	
Thunderbolt	move	45	 When Ash tells Pikachu to retaliate using a Thunderbolt, they hit three kids on the rooftop.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	172	 However, the Yas Leader, mad at Ash for refusing, orders his underlings to physically beat him up (making him unable to help anyone else), and they do so by sending out a Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, Machoke, and Mankey to do so.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	41	 The Yas Gym's Scyther and the Kaz Gym's Electabuzz in particular are dispatching the men of the opposing Gym with ease.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	156	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	110	 Scyther, using a Swords Dance boosted Cut, manages to destroy Kaz forces and city buildings with ease, while Electabuzz and ThunderPunch manages to do the same against the Yas forces.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	24	 This makes Scyther and Electabuzz go into a rage, and they begin to attack their own Trainers.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	152	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	141	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, having been covered in juice just as a building falls on them during the battle, are run out of town by Scyther and Electabuzz in their red-induced rage.	
Vine Whip	move	99	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Dark City	settlement	30	Ash and his friends arrive in Dark City, a place where it appears to be a ghost town, much to Brock's dismay.	
Dark City	settlement	235	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Dark City	settlement	78	 The restaurant owner further explains that Pokémon Trainers who have neared Dark City are recruited for the cause of either Gym.	
Dark City	settlement	50	Once again, fighting breaks out on the streets of Dark City between the Yas and Kaz forces.	
Dark City	settlement	40	As Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu leave Dark City, they are met again by the kids from in town.	
Nurse Joy	person	34	 The patron reveals herself to be Nurse Joy, the Pokémon League inspector (and Brock blushes once again upon seeing her), and tells everyone that neither Yas nor Kaz deserved to be an official Gym because street fighting would not be tolerated.	
Nurse Joy	person	10	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	89	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	184	 However, the Yas Leader, mad at Ash for refusing, orders his underlings to physically beat him up (making him unable to help anyone else), and they do so by sending out a Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, Machoke, and Mankey to do so.	
Machoke	pokemon	195	 However, the Yas Leader, mad at Ash for refusing, orders his underlings to physically beat him up (making him unable to help anyone else), and they do so by sending out a Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, Machoke, and Mankey to do so.	
Scyther	pokemon	15	 The Yas Gym's Scyther and the Kaz Gym's Electabuzz in particular are dispatching the men of the opposing Gym with ease.	
Scyther	pokemon	130	The Yas Leader is introduced to "Tom" and his two "disciples", who proceeds to judge how powerful he is by suddenly releasing his Scyther to attack Pikachu.	
Scyther	pokemon	5	 The Scyther's Cut attack, however, is blocked by Pikachu's ketchup bottle.	
Scyther	pokemon	18	 This resulted in Scyther getting squirted in the eyes with ketchup, blinding it and making it attack its own Trainer.	
Scyther	pokemon	35	 Surprised, the Yas Leader recalls Scyther and asks Ash to join him.	
Scyther	pokemon	144	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther, using a Swords Dance boosted Cut, manages to destroy Kaz forces and city buildings with ease, while Electabuzz and ThunderPunch manages to do the same against the Yas forces.	
Scyther	pokemon	12	 This makes Scyther and Electabuzz go into a rage, and they begin to attack their own Trainers.	
Scyther	pokemon	140	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Scyther	pokemon	129	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, having been covered in juice just as a building falls on them during the battle, are run out of town by Scyther and Electabuzz in their red-induced rage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock ponder why that is, Pikachu is hit by a rock thrown from the roof of a nearby building.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 When Ash tells Pikachu to retaliate using a Thunderbolt, they hit three kids on the rooftop.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Pikachu	pokemon	150	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Pikachu	pokemon	148	The Yas Leader is introduced to "Tom" and his two "disciples", who proceeds to judge how powerful he is by suddenly releasing his Scyther to attack Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 The Scyther's Cut attack, however, is blocked by Pikachu's ketchup bottle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 In response, Ash orders Pikachu to unleash Thunder, shocking both sides.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	As Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu leave Dark City, they are met again by the kids from in town.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 They had quickly became fans of Pikachu and, because of such, decide to become Pokémon Trainers themselves.	
Thunder	move	44	 In response, Ash orders Pikachu to unleash Thunder, shocking both sides.	
Weezing	pokemon	30	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Trainer	person	110	 This resulted in Scyther getting squirted in the eyes with ketchup, blinding it and making it attack its own Trainer.	
Trainer	person	155	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Starmie	pokemon	175	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 They are even more curious to see a parent herding their child off for fear of Pokémon Trainers in the area.	
Pokémon	pokemon	259	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	 Both Gyms seek official status, but to do so they would need the approval of the Pokémon League inspector, who is scheduled to arrive at any moment.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 The restaurant owner further explains that Pokémon Trainers who have neared Dark City are recruited for the cause of either Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	120	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock watch from the safety of the restaurant, the three note that the fighting is not as much of a Pokémon battle as it was a gang war.	
Pokémon	pokemon	49	 The patron reveals herself to be Nurse Joy, the Pokémon League inspector (and Brock blushes once again upon seeing her), and tells everyone that neither Yas nor Kaz deserved to be an official Gym because street fighting would not be tolerated.	
Pokémon	pokemon	146	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 They had quickly became fans of Pikachu and, because of such, decide to become Pokémon Trainers themselves.	
Pokédex	item	134	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Mankey	pokemon	208	 However, the Yas Leader, mad at Ash for refusing, orders his underlings to physically beat him up (making him unable to help anyone else), and they do so by sending out a Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, Machoke, and Mankey to do so.	
Vulpix	pokemon	249	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Vulpix	pokemon	1	 Vulpix has now garnered the attention of a female Yas Gym recruiter, who tries to recruit Ash and company for their cause.	
Brock	person	94	Ash and his friends arrive in Dark City, a place where it appears to be a ghost town, much to Brock's dismay.	
Brock	person	20	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock ponder why that is, Pikachu is hit by a rock thrown from the roof of a nearby building.	
Brock	person	20	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock watch from the safety of the restaurant, the three note that the fighting is not as much of a Pokémon battle as it was a gang war.	
Brock	person	236	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Brock	person	156	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Brock	person	192	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Brock	person	25	 Ash, aided by Misty and Brock, proceed to make a hasty retreat.	
Brock	person	43	 When Ash sees an opening, he tells Misty, Brock, the restaurant owner, and the kids to dump tomato juice (stored in barrels on the roofs of various buildings) on all the Trainers, soaking them.	
Brock	person	80	 The patron reveals herself to be Nurse Joy, the Pokémon League inspector (and Brock blushes once again upon seeing her), and tells everyone that neither Yas nor Kaz deserved to be an official Gym because street fighting would not be tolerated.	
Brock	person	15	As Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu leave Dark City, they are met again by the kids from in town.	
Misty	person	9	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock ponder why that is, Pikachu is hit by a rock thrown from the roof of a nearby building.	
Misty	person	9	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock watch from the safety of the restaurant, the three note that the fighting is not as much of a Pokémon battle as it was a gang war.	
Misty	person	163	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Misty	person	18	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Misty	person	132	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Misty	person	15	 Ash, aided by Misty and Brock, proceed to make a hasty retreat.	
Misty	person	25	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Misty	person	36	 When Ash sees an opening, he tells Misty, Brock, the restaurant owner, and the kids to dump tomato juice (stored in barrels on the roofs of various buildings) on all the Trainers, soaking them.	
Misty	person	8	As Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu leave Dark City, they are met again by the kids from in town.	
Arbok	pokemon	20	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Cut	move	15	 The Scyther's Cut attack, however, is blocked by Pikachu's ketchup bottle.	
Cut	move	39	 Scyther, using a Swords Dance boosted Cut, manages to destroy Kaz forces and city buildings with ease, while Electabuzz and ThunderPunch manages to do the same against the Yas forces.	
Gym	building	282	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Gym	building	298	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Gym	building	37	 As there could be only one official Gym per city, each Gym seeks to eliminate the other before the inspector arrives.	
Gym	building	56	 As there could be only one official Gym per city, each Gym seeks to eliminate the other before the inspector arrives.	
Gym	building	126	 The restaurant owner further explains that Pokémon Trainers who have neared Dark City are recruited for the cause of either Gym.	
Gym	building	9	 The Yas Gym's Scyther and the Kaz Gym's Electabuzz in particular are dispatching the men of the opposing Gym with ease.	
Gym	building	35	 The Yas Gym's Scyther and the Kaz Gym's Electabuzz in particular are dispatching the men of the opposing Gym with ease.	
Gym	building	106	 The Yas Gym's Scyther and the Kaz Gym's Electabuzz in particular are dispatching the men of the opposing Gym with ease.	
Gym	building	92	At that point, the safety of the restaurant is shattered when Team Rocket, hired by the Kaz Gym as elite bodyguards, invades the restaurant in disguise and demand food.	
Gym	building	108	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Gym	building	55	 Vulpix has now garnered the attention of a female Yas Gym recruiter, who tries to recruit Ash and company for their cause.	
Gym	building	260	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Gym	building	24	 When asked why the Yas Gym wanted to be an official Gym, the Yas Leader responds that it is simply a means to earn money quickly, as with official Gym status comes prestige and funding.	
Gym	building	53	 When asked why the Yas Gym wanted to be an official Gym, the Yas Leader responds that it is simply a means to earn money quickly, as with official Gym status comes prestige and funding.	
Gym	building	148	 When asked why the Yas Gym wanted to be an official Gym, the Yas Leader responds that it is simply a means to earn money quickly, as with official Gym status comes prestige and funding.	
Gym	building	82	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Gym	building	194	 The patron reveals herself to be Nurse Joy, the Pokémon League inspector (and Brock blushes once again upon seeing her), and tells everyone that neither Yas nor Kaz deserved to be an official Gym because street fighting would not be tolerated.	
Gym	building	199	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock ponder why that is, Pikachu is hit by a rock thrown from the roof of a nearby building.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash tells Pikachu to retaliate using a Thunderbolt, they hit three kids on the rooftop.	
Ash	person	148	At the restaurant, while eating lunch (Pikachu, in particular, taking a liking to eating ketchup from the bottle), the restaurant owner explains to Ash and his friends, as well as a mysterious patron who had happened to overhear, that Dark City has two rival Pokémon Gyms, the Yas Gym and the Kaz Gym.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock watch from the safety of the restaurant, the three note that the fighting is not as much of a Pokémon battle as it was a gang war.	
Ash	person	140	 When they send out Arbok and Weezing to deal with the restaurant owner when he refuses (because of the Kaz Gym having run up a large tab), Ash (with Pikachu) and Misty (with Starmie) attempt to intercept Team Rocket, but are beaten by Brock, whose Vulpix quickly forces Team Rocket out of the restaurant with a Flamethrower.	
Ash	person	91	 Vulpix has now garnered the attention of a female Yas Gym recruiter, who tries to recruit Ash and company for their cause.	
Ash	person	97	 At the advice of Misty (who claims that taking sides would ruin their reputations as Trainers), Ash introduces himself as Tom Ato, Misty as Ann Chovy, and Brock as Caesar Salad, who, because Brock could never say no to a beautiful girl, takes them to the Yas Gym.	
Ash	person	52	 Surprised, the Yas Leader recalls Scyther and asks Ash to join him.	
Ash	person	9	 Because Ash does not see this as a worthy cause, he declines.	
Ash	person	33	 However, the Yas Leader, mad at Ash for refusing, orders his underlings to physically beat him up (making him unable to help anyone else), and they do so by sending out a Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, Machoke, and Mankey to do so.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, aided by Misty and Brock, proceed to make a hasty retreat.	
Ash	person	128	 Back at the restaurant, Misty is curious as to why he was able to escape the Yas Gym so quickly - and uncovers the answer from Ash's Pokédex: Scyther and Electabuzz are color-sensitive, and the color red in particular will send the two into an outrage.	
Ash	person	15	 Knowing this, Ash and company devise a plan to stop the fighting once and for all by defeating both the Yas and Kaz forces in one fell swoop.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash sees an opening, he tells Misty, Brock, the restaurant owner, and the kids to dump tomato juice (stored in barrels on the roofs of various buildings) on all the Trainers, soaking them.	
Ash	person	38	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Ash	person	55	 Yas and Kaz, the two leaders, are at Ash's mercy, and Ash decides to end this by having Bulbasaur Vine Whip two barrels of tomato juice on Scyther and Electabuzz, soaking both.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash asks whether the two Leaders have learned their lesson and resolved their differences, the two leaders finally agree.	
Ash	person	26	 to team up and deal with Ash.	
Ash	person	14	 In response, Ash orders Pikachu to unleash Thunder, shocking both sides.	
Ash	person	83	 However, Nurse Joy allows the two Leaders a second chance, and tells the two that Ash would make a fine tutor with regards to how to be a proper Pokémon Trainer and how to start over as one united Gym, but even "Tom Ato" is at a loss of words with regards to how to be one.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash does manage to tell the two Leaders to repair all the damage to the city that they had caused.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu leave Dark City, they are met again by the kids from in town.	
