Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket sees Melvin and Ash and starts to follow them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket makes an entry and says their motto, then ties Melvin up.	
Team Rocket	group	84	 His Exeggcute evolves into an Exeggutor without warning, and then uses Hypnosis on Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket gets carried away by the Exeggutor, and the gang continues on their journey.	
Leaf Forest	region	46	Melvin then commands Ash to pull him into the Leaf Forest.	
Leaf Forest	region	5	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Charmander	pokemon	136	Ash performs his own trick involving a "magic" box with fire and water "magically" shooting out of the top, but it really just contains Charmander, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur.	
Charmander	pokemon	40	 Ash sends out Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander in an attempt to stop the heard.	
Charmander	pokemon	61	 Ash calls those two back into their Poké Balls, and orders Charmander to attack.	
Charmander	pokemon	46	 The trick ends up working, and together with Charmander, they stop the Exeggutor.	
Charmander	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and shoots a flame at Ash's face, its loyalty to Ash now in question.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	35	 Suddenly, Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and shoots a flame at Ash's face, its loyalty to Ash now in question.	
Exeggcute	pokemon	61	 Soon after, Misty notices a woman shouting at a man with an Exeggcute.	
Exeggcute	pokemon	34	 Melvin then starts to juggle his Exeggcute and everyone, even Misty, thinks it's boring.	
Exeggcute	pokemon	24	 Ash says that Melvin's Exeggcute doesn't do much, so it uses Hypnosis on him.	
Exeggcute	pokemon	5	 His Exeggcute evolves into an Exeggutor without warning, and then uses Hypnosis on Team Rocket.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	28	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	31	 His Exeggcute evolves into an Exeggutor without warning, and then uses Hypnosis on Team Rocket.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	11	 The other Exeggutor copy this and end up hypnotizing each other, causing them to go on a rampage toward the town.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	66	 Jessie, James, and Meowth are hypnotized into believing they are Exeggutor, and follow the heard.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	87	 Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	118	The four of them head for town, where they see that the carnival has been almost entirely destroyed, and discover the Exeggutor mob is turning around and coming back their way.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	73	 The carnival owner tells them he's planted a time bomb so that when the Exeggutor come back, they'll be blown up.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	88	 Ash, Brock, and Misty are of course opposed to this, so they decide to try to stop the Exeggutor before they reach the bomb.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	66	 The Lizard Pokémon's fire attacks successfully stop some of the Exeggutor.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	48	 It quickly becomes exhausted, however, and the Exeggutor keep charging forward.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	66	 Misty tries to convince Melvin to use his fire trick to stop the Exeggutor, and, although he's positive he'll fail, he tries anyway.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	72	 The trick ends up working, and together with Charmander, they stop the Exeggutor.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	10	 Melvin's Exeggutor returns to him, resulting in Melvin running up to it and giving it a hug.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	38	 Team Rocket gets carried away by the Exeggutor, and the gang continues on their journey.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	162	Ash performs his own trick involving a "magic" box with fire and water "magically" shooting out of the top, but it really just contains Charmander, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	138	 Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 Ash sends out Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander in an attempt to stop the heard.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	14	 Squirtle and Bulbasaur's attacks don't have much of an effect.	
Hypnosis	move	62	 Ash says that Melvin's Exeggcute doesn't do much, so it uses Hypnosis on him.	
Hypnosis	move	72	 His Exeggcute evolves into an Exeggutor without warning, and then uses Hypnosis on Team Rocket.	
Squirtle	pokemon	148	Ash performs his own trick involving a "magic" box with fire and water "magically" shooting out of the top, but it really just contains Charmander, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander in an attempt to stop the heard.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle and Bulbasaur's attacks don't have much of an effect.	
Goldeen	pokemon	47	Misty is forced to wear a leotard adorned with Goldeen fins and is embarrassed, but, luckily, only four people showed up to the show.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Misty and Pikachu, embarrassed, walk away, go on some rides, and eat some ice cream.	
Pikachu	pokemon	92	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The three Pokémon get into a fight inside the box and subsequently ruin Ash's trick.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 The Lizard Pokémon's fire attacks successfully stop some of the Exeggutor.	
Melvin	person	26	 He introduces himself as Melvin and conjures some flowers and flags.	
Melvin	person	1	 Melvin then starts to juggle his Exeggcute and everyone, even Misty, thinks it's boring.	
Melvin	person	1	 Melvin then pulls out a wand and a tiny flame comes out; the crowd falls back and makes exclamations like "That was pathetic!	
Melvin	person	28	 The carnival manager fired Melvin because of the stunt and wants to give up all his dreams, but Ash and co.	
Melvin	person	15	 Ash says that Melvin's Exeggcute doesn't do much, so it uses Hypnosis on him.	
Melvin	person	80	 Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur.	
Melvin	person	7	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.Melvin then commands Ash to pull him into the Leaf Forest.	
Melvin	person	100	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.Melvin then commands Ash to pull him into the Leaf Forest.	
Melvin	person	18	 Team Rocket sees Melvin and Ash and starts to follow them.	
Melvin	person	37	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Melvin	person	45	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Melvin	person	68	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Melvin	person	60	 Team Rocket makes an entry and says their motto, then ties Melvin up.	
Melvin	person	45	 Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor.	
Melvin	person	25	 Misty tries to convince Melvin to use his fire trick to stop the Exeggutor, and, although he's positive he'll fail, he tries anyway.	
Melvin	person	1	 Melvin's Exeggutor returns to him, resulting in Melvin running up to it and giving it a hug.	
Melvin	person	49	 Melvin's Exeggutor returns to him, resulting in Melvin running up to it and giving it a hug.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie, James, and Meowth are hypnotized into believing they are Exeggutor, and follow the heard.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 Jessie, James, and Meowth are hypnotized into believing they are Exeggutor, and follow the heard.	
Brock	person	19	 Excited to party, Brock and Ash change into funny outfits and start dancing.	
Brock	person	24	 Unfortunately, Ash and Brock arrive and Ash laughs at her while she is on stage.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur.	
Brock	person	74	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor.	
Brock	person	6	 Ash, Brock, and Misty are of course opposed to this, so they decide to try to stop the Exeggutor before they reach the bomb.	
James	person	9	 Jessie, James, and Meowth are hypnotized into believing they are Exeggutor, and follow the heard.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Pikachu, embarrassed, walk away, go on some rides, and eat some ice cream.	
Misty	person	13	 Soon after, Misty notices a woman shouting at a man with an Exeggcute.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks the man if everything is alright and he asks her if she'll be his assistant for his magic show, since his previous assistant just quit.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty agrees to help him, but just for the day.Misty is forced to wear a leotard adorned with Goldeen fins and is embarrassed, but, luckily, only four people showed up to the show.	
Misty	person	48	 Misty agrees to help him, but just for the day.Misty is forced to wear a leotard adorned with Goldeen fins and is embarrassed, but, luckily, only four people showed up to the show.	
Misty	person	63	 Melvin then starts to juggle his Exeggcute and everyone, even Misty, thinks it's boring.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells him to be careful, but he's so thrilled the trick actually worked that he doesn't listen to her and the fire sprinkler system in the building activates, drenching the audience.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur.	
Misty	person	81	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Misty	person	57	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor.	
Misty	person	17	 Ash, Brock, and Misty are of course opposed to this, so they decide to try to stop the Exeggutor before they reach the bomb.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to convince Melvin to use his fire trick to stop the Exeggutor, and, although he's positive he'll fail, he tries anyway.	
Poké	item	37	 Ash calls those two back into their Poké Balls, and orders Charmander to attack.	
Ash	person	29	 Excited to party, Brock and Ash change into funny outfits and start dancing.	
Ash	person	16	 Unfortunately, Ash and Brock arrive and Ash laughs at her while she is on stage.	
Ash	person	41	 Unfortunately, Ash and Brock arrive and Ash laughs at her while she is on stage.	
Ash	person	97	 The carnival manager fired Melvin because of the stunt and wants to give up all his dreams, but Ash and co.	
Ash	person	31	 promise to give him some tips.Ash performs his own trick involving a "magic" box with fire and water "magically" shooting out of the top, but it really just contains Charmander, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	74	 The three Pokémon get into a fight inside the box and subsequently ruin Ash's trick.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that Melvin's Exeggcute doesn't do much, so it uses Hypnosis on him.	
Ash	person	28	 Brock and Misty wonder why Ash is acting so dopey, especially after he follows Melvin's command and spins in circles while acting like a Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	42	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.	
Ash	person	54	 After Melvin realizes how he can control Ash, he and Ash sneak away from Brock, Misty, and Pikachu.	
Ash	person	21	Melvin then commands Ash to pull him into the Leaf Forest.	
Ash	person	29	 Team Rocket sees Melvin and Ash and starts to follow them.	
Ash	person	48	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Ash	person	82	 Brock and Misty are out looking for Melvin and Ash when Misty then realizes that Ash is being hypnotized.	
Ash	person	56	 The Leaf Forest is full of Exeggutor, which Melvin has Ash weaken; Melvin then catches the entire mob of Pokémon.	
Ash	person	37	 Brock and Misty show up and wake up Ash and Melvin, who were trampled by the marching Exeggutor.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is no longer hypnotized.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Brock, and Misty are of course opposed to this, so they decide to try to stop the Exeggutor before they reach the bomb.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander in an attempt to stop the heard.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls those two back into their Poké Balls, and orders Charmander to attack.	
Ash	person	68	 Suddenly, Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and shoots a flame at Ash's face, its loyalty to Ash now in question.	
Ash	person	95	 Suddenly, Charmander evolves into Charmeleon and shoots a flame at Ash's face, its loyalty to Ash now in question.	
