Mossgreen Village	settlement	30	Ash and his friends arrive in Mossgreen Village, a village so small it doesn't have its own Pokémon Gym.	
Flamethrower	move	115	 Charmeleon refuses to obey, gets too violent, and instead of doing an easy, soft attack, it launched a full-power Flamethrower at Paras before sending it flying by smacking it with its tail.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, hot on their trail, is about to make their move on Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is spying on the battle, intent on stealing Pikachu; Meowth is distracted by Cassandra, as he intends to repay her for healing him.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 While Team Rocket is watching from a nearby bush (in the hopes that Ash would help them on their objective), Ash sends out Pikachu to battle again.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then comes out of hiding and cheers Paras on to win, only to be burned by Charmeleon.	
Team Rocket	group	46	 Everyone hails Parasect's success, including Team Rocket who feel they're about to board the "gravy train".	
Team Rocket	group	49	 Charmeleon, however, recovers and angrily sends Team Rocket flying by smacking them with its tail.	
Team Rocket	group	25	 After the group leaves, Team Rocket drops in, and Meowth is nursed back to health once again.	
Team Rocket	group	114	 Cassandra is reluctant to let Meowth become the company mascot, not wanting to separate Meowth from the "heroic" Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	4	 As Team Rocket sulks off, their potential riches lost, Cassandra promises to treat the Persian like it was Meowth.	
Thunderbolt	move	42	 Pikachu decides to hit Charmeleon with a Thunderbolt, enabling Ash to recall it.	
Pokémon Gym	building	92	Ash and his friends arrive in Mossgreen Village, a village so small it doesn't have its own Pokémon Gym.	
Charmander	pokemon	76	 Ash can't believe Charmeleon is acting this way, as he was so excited when Charmander evolved, but apparently Ash wasn't ready for it.	
Grass-type	type	35	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	47	 Desperate to help Paras evolve, Ash sends out Charmeleon, despite the massive advantage it has, telling it to go easy on Paras.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	1	 Charmeleon refuses to obey, gets too violent, and instead of doing an easy, soft attack, it launched a full-power Flamethrower at Paras before sending it flying by smacking it with its tail.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	27	 When Ash tries to rein in Charmeleon, he too, is blasted in the face.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	24	 Pikachu decides to hit Charmeleon with a Thunderbolt, enabling Ash to recall it.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	19	 Ash can't believe Charmeleon is acting this way, as he was so excited when Charmander evolved, but apparently Ash wasn't ready for it.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	47	 Misty tells Ash to deal with the problem with Charmeleon later and that they need to find Paras.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	20	 Ash then sends out Charmeleon for another chance, but once again Charmeleon starts to disobey.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	66	 Ash then sends out Charmeleon for another chance, but once again Charmeleon starts to disobey.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	35	 Cassandra asks that Ash call back Charmeleon, but it breathes fire on him again before turning towards Paras, who finds itself cowering in fear again.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	87	 Team Rocket then comes out of hiding and cheers Paras on to win, only to be burned by Charmeleon.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	1	 Charmeleon advances on Paras and is about to finish it off when Paras, in desperation, closes its eyes and throws out its pincer, which strikes Charmeleon in the stomach, causing it to collapse.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	145	 Charmeleon advances on Paras and is about to finish it off when Paras, in desperation, closes its eyes and throws out its pincer, which strikes Charmeleon in the stomach, causing it to collapse.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	1	 Charmeleon, however, recovers and angrily sends Team Rocket flying by smacking them with its tail.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	54	 Cassandra attempts to protect it, but Parasect stops Charmeleon with its Spore attack, putting it to sleep and allowing Ash to recall it.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	81	 Ash is also reminded by Cassandra's grandmother that he'll never get control of Charmeleon if he doesn't improve his skill level.	
Antidotes	item	54	 However, Brock reveals that their bag of Potions and Antidotes is empty, so they should stock up on supplies in town.	
Antidotes	item	43	 When they request to buy some Potions and Antidotes, she offers them snake root that will cure insomnia and grow hair on their nose and tongue.	
Cassandra	person	92	 The old woman is then scolded by the same girl who helped Meowth, her granddaughter, named Cassandra.	
Cassandra	person	109	 Brock immediately falls for her, trying to make small talk about how he intends to be the best breeder, but Cassandra parlays the conversation into a Pokémon battle, which Ash accepts.	
Cassandra	person	16	 At the battle, Cassandra sends out her Paras, while Pikachu leads off for Ash.	
Cassandra	person	101	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is spying on the battle, intent on stealing Pikachu; Meowth is distracted by Cassandra, as he intends to repay her for healing him.	
Cassandra	person	11	Meanwhile, Cassandra admits her ulterior motive in battling: she wants to make this Paras evolve so that she could use Parasect's mushroom to help develop a miracle Pokémon medicine.	
Cassandra	person	7	 While Cassandra tries to get Paras back into shape, Misty suggests Ash try a different Pokémon.	
Cassandra	person	64	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
Cassandra	person	45	 Meowth then explains that if Paras evolves, Cassandra will be able to make her miracle Potion which would be worth millions.	
Cassandra	person	42	 Meowth then explains that once they help Cassandra, she'll make Meowth their company mascot.	
Cassandra	person	81	 This repeats itself with Weezing and with Meowth, causing Paras to get fired up.Cassandra, with Ash and company in tow, manage to find Paras up a tree, and because of its visibly different mood, determine that it's raring to go.	
Cassandra	person	15	 The old lady, Cassandra's grandmother, then explains that if the Pokémon's strength is greater than the Trainer's skill level, it won't respect him and take orders.	
Cassandra	person	1	 Cassandra asks that Ash call back Charmeleon, but it breathes fire on him again before turning towards Paras, who finds itself cowering in fear again.	
Cassandra	person	1	 Cassandra attempts to protect it, but Parasect stops Charmeleon with its Spore attack, putting it to sleep and allowing Ash to recall it.	
Cassandra	person	50	As Ash and his friends leave, they are thanked by Cassandra for their help.	
Cassandra	person	25	 Ash is also reminded by Cassandra's grandmother that he'll never get control of Charmeleon if he doesn't improve his skill level.	
Cassandra	person	1	 Cassandra is reluctant to let Meowth become the company mascot, not wanting to separate Meowth from the "heroic" Team Rocket.	
Cassandra	person	49	 Meowth does not win the spot anyways, thanks to Cassandra's grandmother having found a Persian for the company mascot instead.	
Cassandra	person	56	 As Team Rocket sulks off, their potential riches lost, Cassandra promises to treat the Persian like it was Meowth.	
Water Gun	move	67	 However, that does not go too well either, as Squirtle's weakened Water Gun, meant to just "sprinkle Paras' mushrooms a little", also manages to knock it out.	
Mossgreen	settlement	30	Ash and his friends arrive in Mossgreen Village, a village so small it doesn't have its own Pokémon Gym.	
Parasect	pokemon	119	Meanwhile, Cassandra admits her ulterior motive in battling: she wants to make this Paras evolve so that she could use Parasect's mushroom to help develop a miracle Pokémon medicine.	
Parasect	pokemon	41	 Soon after, Paras begins to evolve into Parasect.	
Parasect	pokemon	16	 Everyone hails Parasect's success, including Team Rocket who feel they're about to board the "gravy train".	
Parasect	pokemon	23	 It then turns back to Parasect for revenge.	
Parasect	pokemon	39	 Cassandra attempts to protect it, but Parasect stops Charmeleon with its Spore attack, putting it to sleep and allowing Ash to recall it.	
Bug-type	type	20	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Squirtle	pokemon	71	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Squirtle	pokemon	47	 However, that does not go too well either, as Squirtle's weakened Water Gun, meant to just "sprinkle Paras' mushrooms a little", also manages to knock it out.	
Persian	pokemon	88	 Meowth does not win the spot anyways, thanks to Cassandra's grandmother having found a Persian for the company mascot instead.	
Persian	pokemon	88	 As Team Rocket sulks off, their potential riches lost, Cassandra promises to treat the Persian like it was Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	76	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, hot on their trail, is about to make their move on Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 At the battle, Cassandra sends out her Paras, while Pikachu leads off for Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 However, before the battle, Pikachu tries to make friendly talk (in a show of sportsmanship), but it causes Paras to cower in fear.	
Pikachu	pokemon	68	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is spying on the battle, intent on stealing Pikachu; Meowth is distracted by Cassandra, as he intends to repay her for healing him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	98	 Agreeing to "throw the battle" by going easy on Paras, the battle gets off to a rocky start when Pikachu fires a small "static bolt" at Paras, which unfortunately knocks it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu decides to hit Charmeleon with a Thunderbolt, enabling Ash to recall it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	124	 While Team Rocket is watching from a nearby bush (in the hopes that Ash would help them on their objective), Ash sends out Pikachu to battle again.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 Paras goads Pikachu closer and manages to prod him in the tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	4	 As Pikachu prepares to retaliate from the cheap shot, he is reminded by Ash to throw the fight, so instead Pikachu falls over, feigning unconsciousness.	
Pikachu	pokemon	108	 As Pikachu prepares to retaliate from the cheap shot, he is reminded by Ash to throw the fight, so instead Pikachu falls over, feigning unconsciousness.	
Weezing	pokemon	46	 Meowth then explains that he needs Arbok and Weezing as "losing battles is their specialty".	
Weezing	pokemon	26	 This repeats itself with Weezing and with Meowth, causing Paras to get fired up.	
Trainer	person	106	 The old lady, Cassandra's grandmother, then explains that if the Pokémon's strength is greater than the Trainer's skill level, it won't respect him and take orders.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	Ash and his friends arrive in Mossgreen Village, a village so small it doesn't have its own Pokémon Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	195	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Pokémon	pokemon	151	 Brock immediately falls for her, trying to make small talk about how he intends to be the best breeder, but Cassandra parlays the conversation into a Pokémon battle, which Ash accepts.	
Pokémon	pokemon	165	Meanwhile, Cassandra admits her ulterior motive in battling: she wants to make this Paras evolve so that she could use Parasect's mushroom to help develop a miracle Pokémon medicine.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 While Cassandra tries to get Paras back into shape, Misty suggests Ash try a different Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 The old lady, Cassandra's grandmother, then explains that if the Pokémon's strength is greater than the Trainer's skill level, it won't respect him and take orders.	
Jessie	person	67	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Jessie	person	220	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Jessie	person	88	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James don't see where this would benefit them, but then Meowth explains that he would make them his business managers as he'll probably have a lot of money to manage.	
Jessie	person	18	 Fueled by greed, Jessie and James agree, asking Meowth how they'll make their millions.	
Jessie	person	55	 Paras, believing it had defeated Arbok, is cheered by Jessie and James as if it had scored the knockout.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Before they get far, however, they discover Meowth has fallen ill.	
Meowth	pokemon	27	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Meowth	pokemon	242	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 She then nurses Meowth back to health and, during this process, Meowth has fallen for the girl.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	 She then nurses Meowth back to health and, during this process, Meowth has fallen for the girl.	
Meowth	pokemon	59	 The old woman is then scolded by the same girl who helped Meowth, her granddaughter, named Cassandra.	
Meowth	pokemon	77	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is spying on the battle, intent on stealing Pikachu; Meowth is distracted by Cassandra, as he intends to repay her for healing him.	
Meowth	pokemon	40	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then explains that if Paras evolves, Cassandra will be able to make her miracle Potion which would be worth millions.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then explains that once they help Cassandra, she'll make Meowth their company mascot.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	 Meowth then explains that once they help Cassandra, she'll make Meowth their company mascot.	
Meowth	pokemon	68	 Jessie and James don't see where this would benefit them, but then Meowth explains that he would make them his business managers as he'll probably have a lot of money to manage.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 Fueled by greed, Jessie and James agree, asking Meowth how they'll make their millions.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then explains that he needs Arbok and Weezing as "losing battles is their specialty".	
Meowth	pokemon	80	 First, Arbok goes off against Paras, but before Arbok can go full-power on it, Meowth intercepts the attack, knocking Arbok down.	
Meowth	pokemon	43	 This repeats itself with Weezing and with Meowth, causing Paras to get fired up.	
Meowth	pokemon	51	 After the group leaves, Team Rocket drops in, and Meowth is nursed back to health once again.	
Meowth	pokemon	31	 Cassandra is reluctant to let Meowth become the company mascot, not wanting to separate Meowth from the "heroic" Team Rocket.	
Meowth	pokemon	89	 Cassandra is reluctant to let Meowth become the company mascot, not wanting to separate Meowth from the "heroic" Team Rocket.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth does not win the spot anyways, thanks to Cassandra's grandmother having found a Persian for the company mascot instead.	
Meowth	pokemon	108	 As Team Rocket sulks off, their potential riches lost, Cassandra promises to treat the Persian like it was Meowth.	
Potion	item	88	 Meowth then explains that if Paras evolves, Cassandra will be able to make her miracle Potion which would be worth millions.	
Grass	type	35	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Spore	move	74	 Cassandra attempts to protect it, but Parasect stops Charmeleon with its Spore attack, putting it to sleep and allowing Ash to recall it.	
Paras	pokemon	40	 At the battle, Cassandra sends out her Paras, while Pikachu leads off for Ash.	
Paras	pokemon	109	 However, before the battle, Pikachu tries to make friendly talk (in a show of sportsmanship), but it causes Paras to cower in fear.	
Paras	pokemon	84	Meanwhile, Cassandra admits her ulterior motive in battling: she wants to make this Paras evolve so that she could use Parasect's mushroom to help develop a miracle Pokémon medicine.	
Paras	pokemon	1	 Paras is acting cowardly, fearful of battling.	
Paras	pokemon	49	 Agreeing to "throw the battle" by going easy on Paras, the battle gets off to a rocky start when Pikachu fires a small "static bolt" at Paras, which unfortunately knocks it out.	
Paras	pokemon	137	 Agreeing to "throw the battle" by going easy on Paras, the battle gets off to a rocky start when Pikachu fires a small "static bolt" at Paras, which unfortunately knocks it out.	
Paras	pokemon	30	 While Cassandra tries to get Paras back into shape, Misty suggests Ash try a different Pokémon.	
Paras	pokemon	4	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Paras	pokemon	91	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Paras	pokemon	102	 However, that does not go too well either, as Squirtle's weakened Water Gun, meant to just "sprinkle Paras' mushrooms a little", also manages to knock it out.	
Paras	pokemon	19	 Desperate to help Paras evolve, Ash sends out Charmeleon, despite the massive advantage it has, telling it to go easy on Paras.	
Paras	pokemon	122	 Desperate to help Paras evolve, Ash sends out Charmeleon, despite the massive advantage it has, telling it to go easy on Paras.	
Paras	pokemon	131	 Charmeleon refuses to obey, gets too violent, and instead of doing an easy, soft attack, it launched a full-power Flamethrower at Paras before sending it flying by smacking it with its tail.	
Paras	pokemon	13	 This causes Paras to run away.	
Paras	pokemon	91	 Misty tells Ash to deal with the problem with Charmeleon later and that they need to find Paras.	
Paras	pokemon	3	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
Paras	pokemon	113	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
Paras	pokemon	30	 Meowth then explains that if Paras evolves, Cassandra will be able to make her miracle Potion which would be worth millions.	
Paras	pokemon	31	 First, Arbok goes off against Paras, but before Arbok can go full-power on it, Meowth intercepts the attack, knocking Arbok down.	
Paras	pokemon	1	 Paras, believing it had defeated Arbok, is cheered by Jessie and James as if it had scored the knockout.	
Paras	pokemon	59	 This repeats itself with Weezing and with Meowth, causing Paras to get fired up.	
Paras	pokemon	55	Cassandra, with Ash and company in tow, manage to find Paras up a tree, and because of its visibly different mood, determine that it's raring to go.	
Paras	pokemon	1	 Paras goads Pikachu closer and manages to prod him in the tail.	
Paras	pokemon	104	 Cassandra asks that Ash call back Charmeleon, but it breathes fire on him again before turning towards Paras, who finds itself cowering in fear again.	
Paras	pokemon	49	 Team Rocket then comes out of hiding and cheers Paras on to win, only to be burned by Charmeleon.	
Paras	pokemon	24	 Charmeleon advances on Paras and is about to finish it off when Paras, in desperation, closes its eyes and throws out its pincer, which strikes Charmeleon in the stomach, causing it to collapse.	
Paras	pokemon	65	 Charmeleon advances on Paras and is about to finish it off when Paras, in desperation, closes its eyes and throws out its pincer, which strikes Charmeleon in the stomach, causing it to collapse.	
Paras	pokemon	1	 Paras is surprised that it won.	
Paras	pokemon	13	 Soon after, Paras begins to evolve into Parasect.	
Brock	person	10	 However, Brock reveals that their bag of Potions and Antidotes is empty, so they should stock up on supplies in town.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock immediately falls for her, trying to make small talk about how he intends to be the best breeder, but Cassandra parlays the conversation into a Pokémon battle, which Ash accepts.	
James	person	78	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
James	person	231	 Deciding that the loss of Meowth is worth the capture of Pikachu, Jessie and James begin to leave him behind; they are immediately scolded by a girl, who lashes out at them for abandoning their Pokémon (believing that Jessie and James were Meowth's Trainers).	
James	person	99	As Paras is running away, it bumps into Meowth, wanting to help Cassandra, tries to get Jessie and James to help Paras.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James don't see where this would benefit them, but then Meowth explains that he would make them his business managers as he'll probably have a lot of money to manage.	
James	person	29	 Fueled by greed, Jessie and James agree, asking Meowth how they'll make their millions.	
James	person	66	 Paras, believing it had defeated Arbok, is cheered by Jessie and James as if it had scored the knockout.	
Misty	person	53	 While Cassandra tries to get Paras back into shape, Misty suggests Ash try a different Pokémon.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Ash to deal with the problem with Charmeleon later and that they need to find Paras.	
Water	type	67	 However, that does not go too well either, as Squirtle's weakened Water Gun, meant to just "sprinkle Paras' mushrooms a little", also manages to knock it out.	
Arbok	pokemon	36	 Meowth then explains that he needs Arbok and Weezing as "losing battles is their specialty".	
Arbok	pokemon	8	 First, Arbok goes off against Paras, but before Arbok can go full-power on it, Meowth intercepts the attack, knocking Arbok down.	
Arbok	pokemon	49	 First, Arbok goes off against Paras, but before Arbok can go full-power on it, Meowth intercepts the attack, knocking Arbok down.	
Arbok	pokemon	119	 First, Arbok goes off against Paras, but before Arbok can go full-power on it, Meowth intercepts the attack, knocking Arbok down.	
Arbok	pokemon	34	 Paras, believing it had defeated Arbok, is cheered by Jessie and James as if it had scored the knockout.	
Bug	type	20	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Gym	building	101	Ash and his friends arrive in Mossgreen Village, a village so small it doesn't have its own Pokémon Gym.	
Ash	person	18	 Because of this, Ash feels that there's no reason to stop there.	
Ash	person	174	 Brock immediately falls for her, trying to make small talk about how he intends to be the best breeder, but Cassandra parlays the conversation into a Pokémon battle, which Ash accepts.	
Ash	person	75	 At the battle, Cassandra sends out her Paras, while Pikachu leads off for Ash.	
Ash	person	68	 While Cassandra tries to get Paras back into shape, Misty suggests Ash try a different Pokémon.	
Ash	person	47	 As Paras is both a Bug-type and a Grass-type, Ash decides to send out Squirtle, for which Paras would be at an advantage.	
Ash	person	33	 Desperate to help Paras evolve, Ash sends out Charmeleon, despite the massive advantage it has, telling it to go easy on Paras.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash tries to rein in Charmeleon, he too, is blasted in the face.	
Ash	person	64	 Pikachu decides to hit Charmeleon with a Thunderbolt, enabling Ash to recall it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash can't believe Charmeleon is acting this way, as he was so excited when Charmander evolved, but apparently Ash wasn't ready for it.	
Ash	person	111	 Ash can't believe Charmeleon is acting this way, as he was so excited when Charmander evolved, but apparently Ash wasn't ready for it.	
Ash	person	13	 Misty tells Ash to deal with the problem with Charmeleon later and that they need to find Paras.	
Ash	person	16	Cassandra, with Ash and company in tow, manage to find Paras up a tree, and because of its visibly different mood, determine that it's raring to go.	
Ash	person	69	 While Team Rocket is watching from a nearby bush (in the hopes that Ash would help them on their objective), Ash sends out Pikachu to battle again.	
Ash	person	110	 While Team Rocket is watching from a nearby bush (in the hopes that Ash would help them on their objective), Ash sends out Pikachu to battle again.	
Ash	person	73	 As Pikachu prepares to retaliate from the cheap shot, he is reminded by Ash to throw the fight, so instead Pikachu falls over, feigning unconsciousness.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then sends out Charmeleon for another chance, but once again Charmeleon starts to disobey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash can't understand this as it was always obedient before evolving.	
Ash	person	21	 Cassandra asks that Ash call back Charmeleon, but it breathes fire on him again before turning towards Paras, who finds itself cowering in fear again.	
Ash	person	121	 Cassandra attempts to protect it, but Parasect stops Charmeleon with its Spore attack, putting it to sleep and allowing Ash to recall it.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends leave, they are thanked by Cassandra for their help.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is also reminded by Cassandra's grandmother that he'll never get control of Charmeleon if he doesn't improve his skill level.	
