Officer Jenny	person	40	 Before the situation gets more heated, Officer Jenny steps in and stops them.	
Double-Edge	move	46	 After that, she sends out Staryu and it uses Double-Edge on Jigglypuff.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Misty notices that this Jenny is a bit cranky.Team Rocket shows up in town where James bumps into the same guy Ash had encountered earlier.	
Team Rocket	group	31	Hiding and spying on the gang, Team Rocket decides they want to use the Jigglypuff to put the people of Neon Town to sleep.	
Team Rocket	group	122	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Misty calls her Staryu and orders it to blast Team Rocket away using Water Gun.	
Team Rocket	group	19	After dealing with Team Rocket, Misty gives Jigglypuff some lessons on breath control when singing.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, hiding behind some bushes, sets up the recorder to capture Jigglypuff's voice.	
Team Rocket	group	15	 It also finds Team Rocket sleeping and tries waking them up with DoubleSlap.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 Misty yelled at it for sleeping with its eyes open.Team Rocket finally wakes up and see their faces are covered with markings, as well.	
Team Rocket	group	88	Brock suggests an idea of letting Jigglypuff perform for the people in Neon Town, which Team Rocket is happy to hear.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, whose ears were not closed properly, fall asleep as well.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket awakens and leaves the city looking very happy, and in a good mood.	
Poison Gas	move	89	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	51	 They head to a forest outside the city and spot a Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	61	 After that, she sends out Staryu and it uses Double-Edge on Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	18	 Brock finds this Jigglypuff strange.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	34	 The gang then find out that this Jigglypuff has a problem with singing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	72	Hiding and spying on the gang, Team Rocket decides they want to use the Jigglypuff to put the people of Neon Town to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	44	After dealing with Team Rocket, Misty gives Jigglypuff some lessons on breath control when singing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	27	 When Ash compliments him, Jigglypuff gets annoyed and secretly kicks Pikachu.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	41	 Misty inflates a balloon and puts it in Jigglypuff's mouth.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	36	 The air inside inflates inside and Jigglypuff goes flying.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	13	 Brock helps Jigglypuff by giving it a fruit that can help make its throat feel better.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff takes a bite out of the fruit and starts singing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	33	 Pikachu starts celebrating, but Jigglypuff kicks him again, this time out of joy.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	19	Misty requests for Jigglypuff to sing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff obliges and starts singing beautifully.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	73	 Team Rocket, hiding behind some bushes, sets up the recorder to capture Jigglypuff's voice.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	4	 As Jigglypuff sings, everyone falls asleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	6	 When Jigglypuff notices everyone sleeping, it gets upset.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	25	 Unable to wake them up, Jigglypuff scribbles on their faces as well.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	30	 They rub it off and see that Jigglypuff is mad at them.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	91	 Misty realizes that they must have fallen asleep during the performance and apologizes to Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	7	 After Jigglypuff sings for Psyduck, Jigglypuff is still angry.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	37	 After Jigglypuff sings for Psyduck, Jigglypuff is still angry.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	45	 Unfortunately, the recorder did not capture Jigglypuff's singing; it recorded their loud snoring instead.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	34	Brock suggests an idea of letting Jigglypuff perform for the people in Neon Town, which Team Rocket is happy to hear.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	57	 When they get into town, the gang looks for a place for Jigglypuff to sing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	20	With the stage set, Jigglypuff starts singing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff gets really upset with all of them and goes to scribble markings on everyone's faces within the town.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	17	 Misty looks for Jigglypuff and realizes it was gone.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	62	As Ash, Misty, and Brock leave the city, unbeknownst to them, Jigglypuff follows close behind.	
DoubleSlap	move	66	 It also finds Team Rocket sleeping and tries waking them up with DoubleSlap.	
Vine Whip	move	22	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Poké Ball	item	43	 Misty scolds it and puts it back into the Poké Ball, much to her dismay.	
Water Gun	move	70	 Misty calls her Staryu and orders it to blast Team Rocket away using Water Gun.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	38	 After they finish, Ash sends out his Bulbasaur to battle; James sends out his Weezing.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Neon Town	settlement	50	 By the time they arrive at a town by the name of Neon Town, it's already dark.	
Neon Town	settlement	104	Hiding and spying on the gang, Team Rocket decides they want to use the Jigglypuff to put the people of Neon Town to sleep.	
Neon Town	settlement	71	Brock suggests an idea of letting Jigglypuff perform for the people in Neon Town, which Team Rocket is happy to hear.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu sings as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 When Ash compliments him, Jigglypuff gets annoyed and secretly kicks Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu starts celebrating, but Jigglypuff kicks him again, this time out of joy.	
Weezing	pokemon	79	 After they finish, Ash sends out his Bulbasaur to battle; James sends out his Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	39	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Weezing	pokemon	79	 Bulbasaur, using its Vine Whip, spins Weezing around in circles, resulting in Weezing's Poison Gas attack to backfire on Team Rocket.	
Psyduck	pokemon	27	 She calls out Staryu, but Psyduck pops out instead.	
Psyduck	pokemon	80	 However, all of their Pokémon also fall asleep, Misty gets an idea of letting Psyduck listen to it since Psyduck is so dumb it wouldn't know if it was awake or asleep.	
Psyduck	pokemon	107	 However, all of their Pokémon also fall asleep, Misty gets an idea of letting Psyduck listen to it since Psyduck is so dumb it wouldn't know if it was awake or asleep.	
Psyduck	pokemon	28	 After Jigglypuff sings for Psyduck, Jigglypuff is still angry.	
Psyduck	pokemon	13	 Misty pokes Psyduck and it falls over revealing that it was asleep with its eyes open.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 The little pink round Pokémon gets upset and cries.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 Misty apologizes for attacking it earlier and hugs the Pokémon; she then decides that they should teach it to sing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 Everyone tries to cheer it up by letting their Pokémon listen to its singing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 However, all of their Pokémon also fall asleep, Misty gets an idea of letting Psyduck listen to it since Psyduck is so dumb it wouldn't know if it was awake or asleep.	
Jessie	person	12	 Meanwhile, Jessie is getting spanked by a large woman for bumping into her.	
Jessie	person	32	 A stage truck then pulls over; Jessie and James, disguised as rock stars, offer them their stage.	
Staryu	pokemon	15	 She calls out Staryu, but Psyduck pops out instead.	
Staryu	pokemon	27	 After that, she sends out Staryu and it uses Double-Edge on Jigglypuff.	
Staryu	pokemon	17	 Misty calls her Staryu and orders it to blast Team Rocket away using Water Gun.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking through a desert, looking for a place to sleep.	
Brock	person	18	 Ash retorts, but Brock immediately advises Ash to apologize; Ash refuses to do so.	
Brock	person	36	The next morning, as Ash, Misty and Brock come out of a hotel, they notice several people arguing with one another; the group decides to leave the town and all of the chaos.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock finds this Jigglypuff strange.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock helps Jigglypuff by giving it a fruit that can help make its throat feel better.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock wake up only to find their faces covered with markings.	
Brock	person	106	 Unfortunately, the recorder did not capture Jigglypuff's singing; it recorded their loud snoring instead.Brock suggests an idea of letting Jigglypuff perform for the people in Neon Town, which Team Rocket is happy to hear.	
Brock	person	19	As Ash, Misty, and Brock leave the city, unbeknownst to them, Jigglypuff follows close behind.	
James	person	35	Team Rocket shows up in town where James bumps into the same guy Ash had encountered earlier.	
James	person	29	 He gets mad at the guy, but James ends up getting punched repeatedly over the head.	
James	person	59	 After they finish, Ash sends out his Bulbasaur to battle; James sends out his Weezing.	
James	person	43	 A stage truck then pulls over; Jessie and James, disguised as rock stars, offer them their stage.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are walking through a desert, looking for a place to sleep.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty notices that this Jenny is a bit cranky.	
Misty	person	26	The next morning, as Ash, Misty and Brock come out of a hotel, they notice several people arguing with one another; the group decides to leave the town and all of the chaos.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty expresses her desire to catch one.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty scolds it and puts it back into the Poké Ball, much to her dismay.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty apologizes for attacking it earlier and hugs the Pokémon; she then decides that they should teach it to sing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty calls her Staryu and orders it to blast Team Rocket away using Water Gun.	
Misty	person	32	After dealing with Team Rocket, Misty gives Jigglypuff some lessons on breath control when singing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty inflates a balloon and puts it in Jigglypuff's mouth.	
Misty	person	82	 Pikachu starts celebrating, but Jigglypuff kicks him again, this time out of joy.Misty requests for Jigglypuff to sing.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock wake up only to find their faces covered with markings.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty realizes that they must have fallen asleep during the performance and apologizes to Jigglypuff.	
Misty	person	50	 However, all of their Pokémon also fall asleep, Misty gets an idea of letting Psyduck listen to it since Psyduck is so dumb it wouldn't know if it was awake or asleep.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty pokes Psyduck and it falls over revealing that it was asleep with its eyes open.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty yelled at it for sleeping with its eyes open.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty looks for Jigglypuff and realizes it was gone.	
Misty	person	8	As Ash, Misty, and Brock leave the city, unbeknownst to them, Jigglypuff follows close behind.	
Water	type	70	 Misty calls her Staryu and orders it to blast Team Rocket away using Water Gun.	
Poké	item	43	 Misty scolds it and puts it back into the Poké Ball, much to her dismay.	
Ash	person	44	 In the city, a mean looking guy bumps into Ash and gets mad at the boy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash retorts, but Brock immediately advises Ash to apologize; Ash refuses to do so.	
Ash	person	44	 Ash retorts, but Brock immediately advises Ash to apologize; Ash refuses to do so.	
Ash	person	62	 Ash retorts, but Brock immediately advises Ash to apologize; Ash refuses to do so.	
Ash	person	65	Team Rocket shows up in town where James bumps into the same guy Ash had encountered earlier.	
Ash	person	21	The next morning, as Ash, Misty and Brock come out of a hotel, they notice several people arguing with one another; the group decides to leave the town and all of the chaos.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees.	
Ash	person	20	 After they finish, Ash sends out his Bulbasaur to battle; James sends out his Weezing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash compliments her for having a good singing voice.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash compliments him, Jigglypuff gets annoyed and secretly kicks Pikachu.	
Ash	person	17	 It goes through Ash's backpack, pulls out a black marker, and scribbles markings all over their faces.	
Ash	person	69	 Unable to wake them up, Jigglypuff scribbles on their faces as well.Ash, Misty, and Brock wake up only to find their faces covered with markings.	
Ash	person	25	 The guy who bumped into Ash earlier even apologizes to him.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash, Misty, and Brock leave the city, unbeknownst to them, Jigglypuff follows close behind.	
