Brock's Geodude	pokemon	19	Back above ground, Brock's Geodude had finally dug a hole through the rubble.	
Grampa Canyon	region	50	Ash and his friends are walking in an area called Grampa Canyon when they see a large group of people walking with picks and shovels.	
Officer Jenny	person	18	 After awakening, Officer Jenny announces that the whole thing was a dream caused by Jigglypuff's song, although Ash knows it wasn't.	
ThunderShock	move	65	 As the fuse draws near to the dynamite, Pikachu panics and uses ThunderShock, causing the dynamite to detonate.	
Pokémon Egg	item	44	 Ash rolls off Charizard, landing next to a Pokémon Egg.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 However, they also stumble across Team Rocket, who reveal (accidentally) their plan to blow up the canyon and steal all the Fossils.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 As Meowth lights the fuse, Ash runs up to Team Rocket, and sends out Squirtle in an attempt to put the flame out.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then fall and start rolling, resulting in a ball of people and Pokémon rolling into Ash, landing right beside the dynamite.	
Team Rocket	group	27	In the cave, Ash, Pikachu, Team Rocket, and their Pokémon begin arguing over whose fault it is that they're down there.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 Regardless, Team Rocket begin to contemplate stealing the Pokémon for their boss, and attempt to catch them by throwing Poké Balls at the Fossil Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket and their Pokémon are still trapped in the cave, with the sleeping Fossil Pokémon only feet away.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	74	 Originally confused, the group soon realize why the Pokémon ran off: an Aerodactyl swoops in, knocking over Charmeleon.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	39	 Angry, Charmeleon tries to attack the Aerodactyl, but is knocked out before it gets a chance.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	1	 Aerodactyl then grabs onto Ash with its claws, and begins to fly towards the surface.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	5	 The Aerodactyl flies out of the hole in the ground, dropping Pikachu and Charmeleon on its way out, and perches on a cliff with Ash still in hand.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	32	 Charmeleon wants to battle the Aerodactyl as Aerodactyl had earlier annoyed him, but the Aerodactyl just taunts it.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	46	 Charmeleon wants to battle the Aerodactyl as Aerodactyl had earlier annoyed him, but the Aerodactyl just taunts it.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	90	 Charmeleon wants to battle the Aerodactyl as Aerodactyl had earlier annoyed him, but the Aerodactyl just taunts it.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	114	 Ash is happy as he thinks that Charmeleon has evolved to rescue him, but then realizes he merely wants to battle Aerodactyl for his own pride and has no thought of rescuing Ash.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	79	Meanwhile, Misty sees Jigglypuff and tells it to sing its slumber song to make Aerodactyl fall asleep.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	1	 Aerodactyl, now asleep, falls into the rubble, dropping Ash before falling.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff also appears, ready to sing, but the group leaves without noticing it.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	22	Meanwhile, Misty sees Jigglypuff and tells it to sing its slumber song to make Aerodactyl fall asleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff agrees and quite happily sings, of course sending everyone in the canyon to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff, seeing everyone has fallen asleep, draws markings all over everyone's faces with its marker out of anger.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	85	 After awakening, Officer Jenny announces that the whole thing was a dream caused by Jigglypuff's song, although Ash knows it wasn't.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	88	 All of the Fossil Pokémon start approaching the group to attack, so Ash sends out his Charmeleon, but it refuses to help.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	110	 Originally confused, the group soon realize why the Pokémon ran off: an Aerodactyl swoops in, knocking over Charmeleon.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	8	 Angry, Charmeleon tries to attack the Aerodactyl, but is knocked out before it gets a chance.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	57	 Before the flying Pokémon can get too far, Pikachu and Charmeleon jump on board.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	74	 The Aerodactyl flies out of the hole in the ground, dropping Pikachu and Charmeleon on its way out, and perches on a cliff with Ash still in hand.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	1	 Charmeleon wants to battle the Aerodactyl as Aerodactyl had earlier annoyed him, but the Aerodactyl just taunts it.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	23	 The anger this causes Charmeleon seems to make it evolve into Charizard.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	32	 Ash is happy as he thinks that Charmeleon has evolved to rescue him, but then realizes he merely wants to battle Aerodactyl for his own pride and has no thought of rescuing Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	63	 The anger this causes Charmeleon seems to make it evolve into Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	10	 However, Charizard manages to stay awake by covering its ears and catches the sleeping Ash before he hits the ground, but falls asleep anyway once landing on the ground.	
Charizard	pokemon	15	 Ash rolls off Charizard, landing next to a Pokémon Egg.	
Kabutops	pokemon	92	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Kabutops	pokemon	3	 A Kabutops blocks the balls, and they are rebounded at Meowth.	
Squirtle	pokemon	70	 As Meowth lights the fuse, Ash runs up to Team Rocket, and sends out Squirtle in an attempt to put the flame out.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Squirtle	pokemon	106	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Squirtle	pokemon	107	 Hearing the explosion, Misty and Brock run to the pile of rubble and start digging out rock and soil with Squirtle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 As the fuse draws near to the dynamite, Pikachu panics and uses ThunderShock, causing the dynamite to detonate.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	In the cave, Ash, Pikachu, Team Rocket, and their Pokémon begin arguing over whose fault it is that they're down there.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Before the flying Pokémon can get too far, Pikachu and Charmeleon jump on board.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 The Aerodactyl flies out of the hole in the ground, dropping Pikachu and Charmeleon on its way out, and perches on a cliff with Ash still in hand.	
Weezing	pokemon	113	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Weezing	pokemon	49	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Geodude	pokemon	27	Back above ground, Brock's Geodude had finally dug a hole through the rubble.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 Gary appears and explains that he and the group are here for the Fossil Rush, because of a great 'Pokémon Discovery'.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	 Team Rocket then fall and start rolling, resulting in a ball of people and Pokémon rolling into Ash, landing right beside the dynamite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	In the cave, Ash, Pikachu, Team Rocket, and their Pokémon begin arguing over whose fault it is that they're down there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 The group is soon confronted by Fossil Pokémon that they do not recognize.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Regardless, Team Rocket begin to contemplate stealing the Pokémon for their boss, and attempt to catch them by throwing Poké Balls at the Fossil Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	148	 Regardless, Team Rocket begin to contemplate stealing the Pokémon for their boss, and attempt to catch them by throwing Poké Balls at the Fossil Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	 All of the Fossil Pokémon start approaching the group to attack, so Ash sends out his Charmeleon, but it refuses to help.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 A chase scene ensues, where the Fossil Pokémon are winning the chase.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Then, all of a sudden, the Pokémon run away deeper into the cave.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Originally confused, the group soon realize why the Pokémon ran off: an Aerodactyl swoops in, knocking over Charmeleon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	 Before the flying Pokémon can get too far, Pikachu and Charmeleon jump on board.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Ash rolls off Charizard, landing next to a Pokémon Egg.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket and their Pokémon are still trapped in the cave, with the sleeping Fossil Pokémon only feet away.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket and their Pokémon are still trapped in the cave, with the sleeping Fossil Pokémon only feet away.	
Omanyte	pokemon	62	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Omastar	pokemon	71	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Jessie	person	65	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Jessie	person	15	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James begin to speculate that the explosion must have awakened them from thousands of years of sleep.	
Kabuto	pokemon	80	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Meowth	pokemon	4	 As Meowth lights the fuse, Ash runs up to Team Rocket, and sends out Squirtle in an attempt to put the flame out.	
Meowth	pokemon	84	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Meowth	pokemon	30	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Meowth	pokemon	56	 A Kabutops blocks the balls, and they are rebounded at Meowth.	
Fossil	item	66	 Gary appears and explains that he and the group are here for the Fossil Rush, because of a great 'Pokémon Discovery'.	
Fossil	item	63	 Ash resolves to join in, so as to embarrass Gary by finding a Fossil before he does.	
Fossil	item	33	 The group is soon confronted by Fossil Pokémon that they do not recognize.	
Fossil	item	141	 Regardless, Team Rocket begin to contemplate stealing the Pokémon for their boss, and attempt to catch them by throwing Poké Balls at the Fossil Pokémon.	
Fossil	item	12	 All of the Fossil Pokémon start approaching the group to attack, so Ash sends out his Charmeleon, but it refuses to help.	
Fossil	item	33	 A chase scene ensues, where the Fossil Pokémon are winning the chase.	
Fossil	item	92	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket and their Pokémon are still trapped in the cave, with the sleeping Fossil Pokémon only feet away.	
Grampa	region	50	Ash and his friends are walking in an area called Grampa Canyon when they see a large group of people walking with picks and shovels.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock soon find a large area of the canyon where many people, including Gary, are digging.	
Brock	person	34	 Hearing the explosion, Misty and Brock run to the pile of rubble and start digging out rock and soil with Squirtle.	
Brock	person	19	Back above ground, Brock's Geodude had finally dug a hole through the rubble.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock takes the Egg and runs away, promising to "take good care of it", with Ash and Misty in tow.	
James	person	73	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
James	person	23	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James begin to speculate that the explosion must have awakened them from thousands of years of sleep.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock soon find a large area of the canyon where many people, including Gary, are digging.	
Misty	person	24	 Hearing the explosion, Misty and Brock run to the pile of rubble and start digging out rock and soil with Squirtle.	
Misty	person	11	Meanwhile, Misty sees Jigglypuff and tells it to sing its slumber song to make Aerodactyl fall asleep.	
Misty	person	86	 Brock takes the Egg and runs away, promising to "take good care of it", with Ash and Misty in tow.	
Arbok	pokemon	103	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Arbok	pokemon	38	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Poké	item	122	 Regardless, Team Rocket begin to contemplate stealing the Pokémon for their boss, and attempt to catch them by throwing Poké Balls at the Fossil Pokémon.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary appears and explains that he and the group are here for the Fossil Rush, because of a great 'Pokémon Discovery'.	
Gary	person	45	 Ash resolves to join in, so as to embarrass Gary by finding a Fossil before he does.	
Gary	person	88	Ash, Misty, and Brock soon find a large area of the canyon where many people, including Gary, are digging.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash resolves to join in, so as to embarrass Gary by finding a Fossil before he does.	
Ash	person	82	 Jigglypuff also appears, ready to sing, but the group leaves without noticing it.Ash, Misty, and Brock soon find a large area of the canyon where many people, including Gary, are digging.	
Ash	person	28	 As Meowth lights the fuse, Ash runs up to Team Rocket, and sends out Squirtle in an attempt to put the flame out.	
Ash	person	23	 Squirtle, Pikachu and Ash chase the fuse, trying to put it out; Jessie, James, and Meowth (along with Arbok and Weezing) try to stop him.	
Ash	person	98	 Team Rocket then fall and start rolling, resulting in a ball of people and Pokémon rolling into Ash, landing right beside the dynamite.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Pikachu, Jessie, James, Meowth, Arbok, and Weezing are now trapped in an underground cave, and only Squirtle escapes from the rubble.	
Ash	person	13	In the cave, Ash, Pikachu, Team Rocket, and their Pokémon begin arguing over whose fault it is that they're down there.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex, and the Pokémon are revealed to be Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, and Kabutops.	
Ash	person	70	 All of the Fossil Pokémon start approaching the group to attack, so Ash sends out his Charmeleon, but it refuses to help.	
Ash	person	28	 Aerodactyl then grabs onto Ash with its claws, and begins to fly towards the surface.	
Ash	person	129	 The Aerodactyl flies out of the hole in the ground, dropping Pikachu and Charmeleon on its way out, and perches on a cliff with Ash still in hand.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is happy as he thinks that Charmeleon has evolved to rescue him, but then realizes he merely wants to battle Aerodactyl for his own pride and has no thought of rescuing Ash.	
Ash	person	174	 Ash is happy as he thinks that Charmeleon has evolved to rescue him, but then realizes he merely wants to battle Aerodactyl for his own pride and has no thought of rescuing Ash.	
Ash	person	57	 Aerodactyl, now asleep, falls into the rubble, dropping Ash before falling.	
Ash	person	88	 However, Charizard manages to stay awake by covering its ears and catches the sleeping Ash before he hits the ground, but falls asleep anyway once landing on the ground.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash rolls off Charizard, landing next to a Pokémon Egg.	
Ash	person	113	 After awakening, Officer Jenny announces that the whole thing was a dream caused by Jigglypuff's song, although Ash knows it wasn't.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and the gang leave, Ash takes the Egg out of his backpack, revealing that he had found it at the site.	
Ash	person	27	As Ash and the gang leave, Ash takes the Egg out of his backpack, revealing that he had found it at the site.	
Ash	person	78	 Brock takes the Egg and runs away, promising to "take good care of it", with Ash and Misty in tow.	
Egg	item	53	 Ash rolls off Charizard, landing next to a Pokémon Egg.	
Egg	item	41	As Ash and the gang leave, Ash takes the Egg out of his backpack, revealing that he had found it at the site.	
Egg	item	84	 This causes the trio to fight playfully about who should get to raise and keep the Egg.	
Egg	item	17	 Brock takes the Egg and runs away, promising to "take good care of it", with Ash and Misty in tow.	
