James's Weezing	pokemon	117	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Jessie's Arbok	pokemon	53	Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate.	
Pokémon Center	building	38	 They run down the path to look for a Pokémon Center, but there isn't one for miles.	
Pokémon Center	building	10	 With the Pokémon Center at full capacity, the extra room of the hospital is needed.	
Dr. Proctor	person	13	 The doctor (Dr. Proctor) doesn't pay much attention to Ash's pleas, but when Misty starts pleading the doctor gives in, saying that he can't resist a pretty face.	
Dr. Proctor	person	1	 Dr. Proctor says that Misty is a natural.	
Dr. Proctor	person	51	 Ash tells the doctor not to help Team Rocket, but Dr. Proctor explains that it was his job to heal, not to judge.	
Dr. Proctor	person	22	 The Dodrio lunges at Dr. Proctor, causing the doctor to inadvertently stab himself with the injection.	
Dr. Proctor	person	1	 Dr. Proctor, who has just awoken, states that Arbok and Weezing will not attack Chansey because they were cared for by it when they were injured.	
Dr. Proctor	person	51	 Getting angry, Jessie throws a beaker at him, but Dr. Proctor simply cuts it in half using a scalpel.	
Dr. Proctor	person	1	 Dr. Proctor then shows them his "arsenal" that's in his doctor's coat.	
Dr. Proctor	person	31	With the Pokémon all treated, Dr. Proctor tell Ash and his friends that they should be doctors and asks them if they want to stay and train.	
Team Rocket	group	102	 She informs the group that there has been a violent accident involving a truck of Pokémon stolen by Team Rocket, and the Pokémon are in dire need of medical attention.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket are at the scene of the accident, with Jessie blaming James for the accident.	
Team Rocket	group	38	 Proctor says that Misty is a natural.Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate.	
Team Rocket	group	34	 Ash tells the doctor not to help Team Rocket, but Dr.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket runs out of the building being chased by the "stretcher catchers" Ash and his friends had pushed their way.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket ends up "blasting off again" when the Voltorb that James snuck away with self-destructs.	
Thunderbolt	move	53	 He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	40	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Nurse Joy	person	48	 Brock answers the call and he learns that it's Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	19	 Instead of giving Nurse Joy a serious answer, he asks her out, making her angry.	
Poké Ball	item	42	 Caught up in the moment, Ash pulls out a Poké Ball to catch the Pokémon.	
Water Gun	move	21	 He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	19	 Ash calls out his Bulbasaur to hold down Cubone who keeps on struggling in pain.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	65	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Sandslash	pokemon	90	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Nidoking	pokemon	78	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Parasect	pokemon	103	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Raticate	pokemon	74	Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate.	
Squirtle	pokemon	8	 He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt.	
Chansey	pokemon	58	 When the injured Pokémon arrive on stretchers pushed by Chansey, everyone starts working.	
Chansey	pokemon	55	 Meowth is still stressing over the loss of his charm; Chansey tries to cheer him up, but does not succeed.	
Chansey	pokemon	1	 Chansey faces James, who threatens Ash with a big needle.	
Chansey	pokemon	60	 Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit.	
Chansey	pokemon	77	 Proctor, who has just awoken, states that Arbok and Weezing will not attack Chansey because they were cared for by it when they were injured.	
Chansey	pokemon	38	 Ash and his friends are freed by the Chansey.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	The scene opens on Pikachu climbing in a tree.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 All of a sudden, something gets stuck in Pikachu's throat after he has been looking through the tree, evident by Pikachu's voice sounding weird.	
Pikachu	pokemon	114	 All of a sudden, something gets stuck in Pikachu's throat after he has been looking through the tree, evident by Pikachu's voice sounding weird.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 Brock quickly suggests that they take Pikachu to see a doctor.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 After explaining that Pikachu was the sick one, Ash once again asks for help.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 After checking on Pikachu, the doctor states that there is something stuck in Pikachu's throat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	79	 After checking on Pikachu, the doctor states that there is something stuck in Pikachu's throat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 The doctor manages to remove the thing in his throat, which happens to be an apple; Pikachu is now okay.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt.	
Voltorb	pokemon	54	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Voltorb	pokemon	51	 Team Rocket ends up "blasting off again" when the Voltorb that James snuck away with self-destructs.	
Weezing	pokemon	125	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	42	 Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit.	
Weezing	pokemon	53	 Proctor, who has just awoken, states that Arbok and Weezing will not attack Chansey because they were cared for by it when they were injured.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 They run down the path to look for a Pokémon Center, but there isn't one for miles.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 She informs the group that there has been a violent accident involving a truck of Pokémon stolen by Team Rocket, and the Pokémon are in dire need of medical attention.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 She informs the group that there has been a violent accident involving a truck of Pokémon stolen by Team Rocket, and the Pokémon are in dire need of medical attention.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 With the Pokémon Center at full capacity, the extra room of the hospital is needed.	
Pokémon	pokemon	18	 When the injured Pokémon arrive on stretchers pushed by Chansey, everyone starts working.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	Everyone is busy helping all the injured Pokémon; even Jessie and James pitch in.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 With no doctor on hand, Ash decides to weaken Dodrio with his own Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Caught up in the moment, Ash pulls out a Poké Ball to catch the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	114	Later, while treatment is still going on, Jessie and James decide that they are going to steal all of the injured Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	9	With the Pokémon all treated, Dr.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 Misty states her interest in becoming a doctor but she still has a lot to learn about water Pokémon.	
Cubone	pokemon	42	 Ash calls out his Bulbasaur to hold down Cubone who keeps on struggling in pain.	
Pinsir	pokemon	30	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
Jessie	person	63	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket are at the scene of the accident, with Jessie blaming James for the accident.	
Jessie	person	53	Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate.	
Jessie	person	31	 The doctor proceeds by asking Jessie out for some pizza.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie is impressed with the doctor.	
Jessie	person	56	Everyone is busy helping all the injured Pokémon; even Jessie and James pitch in.	
Jessie	person	42	Later, while treatment is still going on, Jessie and James decide that they are going to steal all of the injured Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit.	
Jessie	person	16	 Getting angry, Jessie throws a beaker at him, but Dr.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is feeling down because the charm on his head is missing.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is still stressing over the loss of his charm; Chansey tries to cheer him up, but does not succeed.	
Meowth	pokemon	41	 They didn't manage to finish it because Meowth unexpectedly interrupts them, still wanting his charm.	
Meowth	pokemon	28	 Upon landing, the charm on Meowth's head pops out of its head (where it had been all along), making him very happy.	
Dodrio	pokemon	18	 There is a hyper Dodrio in need of untangling, so the doctor prepares an anesthetic injection, so as to calm it down.	
Dodrio	pokemon	5	 The Dodrio lunges at Dr.	
Dodrio	pokemon	47	 With no doctor on hand, Ash decides to weaken Dodrio with his own Pokémon.	
Dodrio	pokemon	65	 Ash is stopped by Brock, who reminds him that they want to help Dodrio, not catch it.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock quickly suggests that they take Pikachu to see a doctor.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock answers the call and he learns that it's Nurse Joy.	
Brock	person	19	 Ash is stopped by Brock, who reminds him that they want to help Dodrio, not catch it.	
Brock	person	50	 Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption.	
James	person	78	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket are at the scene of the accident, with Jessie blaming James for the accident.	
James	person	67	Everyone is busy helping all the injured Pokémon; even Jessie and James pitch in.	
James	person	117	 They help Pokémon such as a Pinsir, a Weepinbell, a Voltorb, a Hitmonlee, a Nidoking, a Sandslash, a Parasect, and James's Weezing.	
James	person	53	Later, while treatment is still going on, Jessie and James decide that they are going to steal all of the injured Pokémon.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption.	
James	person	15	 Chansey faces James, who threatens Ash with a big needle.	
James	person	27	 Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit.	
James	person	64	 Team Rocket ends up "blasting off again" when the Voltorb that James snuck away with self-destructs.	
Misty	person	62	 Proctor) doesn't pay much attention to Ash's pleas, but when Misty starts pleading the doctor gives in, saying that he can't resist a pretty face.	
Misty	person	10	 Thinking Misty is the one in need of help, the doctor asks her what the problem was.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comforts it and successfully calms it down.	
Misty	person	19	 Proctor says that Misty is a natural.	
Misty	person	40	 Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty states her interest in becoming a doctor but she still has a lot to learn about water Pokémon.	
Water	type	21	 He has Squirtle use Water Gun followed by Pikachu's Thunderbolt.	
Arbok	pokemon	62	Team Rocket comes in, bringing more patients, namely Jessie's Arbok and a Raticate.	
Arbok	pokemon	17	 Jessie commands Arbok and James commands Weezing to attack Chansey, but they didn't budge one bit.	
Arbok	pokemon	43	 Proctor, who has just awoken, states that Arbok and Weezing will not attack Chansey because they were cared for by it when they were injured.	
Poké	item	42	 Caught up in the moment, Ash pulls out a Poké Ball to catch the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	40	 Proctor) doesn't pay much attention to Ash's pleas, but when Misty starts pleading the doctor gives in, saying that he can't resist a pretty face.	
Ash	person	49	 After explaining that Pikachu was the sick one, Ash once again asks for help.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls out his Bulbasaur to hold down Cubone who keeps on struggling in pain.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells the doctor not to help Team Rocket, but Dr.	
Ash	person	25	 With no doctor on hand, Ash decides to weaken Dodrio with his own Pokémon.	
Ash	person	26	 Caught up in the moment, Ash pulls out a Poké Ball to catch the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is stopped by Brock, who reminds him that they want to help Dodrio, not catch it.	
Ash	person	35	 Jessie and James try to hold back Ash, Misty and Brock with a "stretcher catcher" contraption.	
Ash	person	36	 Chansey faces James, who threatens Ash with a big needle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends are freed by the Chansey.	
Ash	person	79	 Team Rocket runs out of the building being chased by the "stretcher catchers" Ash and his friends had pushed their way.	
Ash	person	14	 Proctor tell Ash and his friends that they should be doctors and asks them if they want to stay and train.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends then bid farewell to the good doctor and continue on their journey.	
