ThunderShock	move	101	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Flamethrower	move	84	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Pokémon Tech	building	78	 James, distraught, then tells everyone a story from before he dropped out of Pokémon Tech and joined a bicycle gang.	
Team Rocket	group	197	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are merrily walking across the countryside when they come across a poster of a young boy, with the word 'Missing' above it, who bears a great resemblance to James of Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	42	 Ash answers, "We have if he's James from Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket has also arrived, and is hiding out of sight on the roof.	
Team Rocket	group	59	As the gang wonder how to find James to tell him the news, Team Rocket fall off the roof in front of them; Jessie and Meowth, thinking of James's inheritance, are beating on him because he refuses to get married.	
Team Rocket	group	17	Jessebelle lures Team Rocket down into the 'vault' by saying they'll count all of the money that James will inherit, followed closely behind by Ash and his friends.	
Team Rocket	group	142	 From the bushes, James says goodbye to Growlie and asks it to look after his parents, because James would rather live the free low-life with Team Rocket instead of the upper-crust lifestyle.	
Jessebelle	person	49	 James is very reluctant to see his future wife, Jessebelle, who seems to be a dead ringer for Jessie; everyone is surprised by the resemblance.	
Jessebelle	person	125	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.Jessebelle lures Team Rocket down into the 'vault' by saying they'll count all of the money that James will inherit, followed closely behind by Ash and his friends.	
Jessebelle	person	256	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.Jessebelle lures Team Rocket down into the 'vault' by saying they'll count all of the money that James will inherit, followed closely behind by Ash and his friends.	
Jessebelle	person	1	 Jessebelle begins having fun cracking her whip at her future husband, chasing him around the room.	
Jessebelle	person	1	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
Jessebelle	person	2	" Jessebelle then vows to force James to become a gentleman even if it destroys both of them.	
Jessebelle	person	1	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
Jessebelle	person	1	 Jessebelle, standing on the mansion roof, then proclaims, "I'll follow you to the ends of the Earth, and the bottom of the sea, James dearest.	
Jessebelle	person	24	 Jessie is disgusted by Jessebelle's behavior, and James explains that Jessebelle is the real reason he left home.	
Jessebelle	person	71	 Jessie is disgusted by Jessebelle's behavior, and James explains that Jessebelle is the real reason he left home.	
Jessebelle	person	50	 Ever since the announcement of their engagement, Jessebelle kept following James everywhere he went.	
Jessebelle	person	71	 A flashback shows a young James running out of his house with a young Jessebelle, carrying an Oddish, far behind, shouting that he is "not running properly".	
Jessebelle	person	56	 As the flashback ends, James admits that if he marries Jessebelle, it will be the worst mistake of his life, and that Growlie is the only real friend he has on the estate.	
Jessebelle	person	11	 Suddenly, Jessebelle and Vileplume burst through the wall, sending Jessie and Meowth flying, and a battle ensues.	
Jessebelle	person	140	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
Jessebelle	person	185	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
Jessebelle	person	87	Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth lament the loss of James, believing him to have left with Jessebelle.	
Jessebelle	person	54	Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
Stun Spore	move	130	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
Stun Spore	move	36	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
Stun Spore	move	25	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Growlithe	pokemon	172	When the limousine arrives at a sizable mansion, the old man, who is revealed to be James's Butler Hopkins, informs everyone that the mansion is merely the home of James's Growlithe, Growlie.	
Growlithe	pokemon	5	 The Growlithe then runs into the mansion and appears in front of James, as if to protect him.	
Vileplume	pokemon	31	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
Vileplume	pokemon	19	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
Vileplume	pokemon	26	 Suddenly, Jessebelle and Vileplume burst through the wall, sending Jessie and Meowth flying, and a battle ensues.	
Vileplume	pokemon	1	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Vileplume	pokemon	155	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Vileplume	pokemon	48	Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
Pikachu	pokemon	5	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are merrily walking across the countryside when they come across a poster of a young boy, with the word 'Missing' above it, who bears a great resemblance to James of Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
Hopkins	person	99	When the limousine arrives at a sizable mansion, the old man, who is revealed to be James's Butler Hopkins, informs everyone that the mansion is merely the home of James's Growlithe, Growlie.	
Hopkins	person	1	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
Hopkins	person	1	 Hopkins tells our heroes that both of James's parents passed away earlier that morning, and unless James marries his fiancée in twenty-four hours, everything his parents had left for him will go to charity.	
Hopkins	person	29	 They are hearing everything Hopkins is saying, and James isn't very keen.	
Hopkins	person	87	 They knock on the door, Jessie speaking for James behind her "invisible costume", and Hopkins is overjoyed to see his master home again.	
Hopkins	person	44	 Ash and his friends are confused as to why Hopkins can't see Jessie and Meowth.	
Hopkins	person	41	 James tries to escape, but is caught by Hopkins immediately, along with Jessie and Meowth.	
Hopkins	person	35	Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
Pokémon	pokemon	78	 James, distraught, then tells everyone a story from before he dropped out of Pokémon Tech and joined a bicycle gang.	
Pokémon	pokemon	21	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
Growlie	pokemon	183	When the limousine arrives at a sizable mansion, the old man, who is revealed to be James's Butler Hopkins, informs everyone that the mansion is merely the home of James's Growlithe, Growlie.	
Growlie	pokemon	56	 He tells everyone of when he died on a cold night with Growlie howling sadly into the night.	
Growlie	pokemon	77	 Everyone hears a pounding on the doghouse door, which bursts open to reveal Growlie.	
Growlie	pokemon	50	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
Growlie	pokemon	8	"James, Growlie, and the others hide in the doghouse, where James thanks Growlie for saving him.	
Growlie	pokemon	73	"James, Growlie, and the others hide in the doghouse, where James thanks Growlie for saving him.	
Growlie	pokemon	119	 As the flashback ends, James admits that if he marries Jessebelle, it will be the worst mistake of his life, and that Growlie is the only real friend he has on the estate.	
Growlie	pokemon	41	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Growlie	pokemon	121	Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
Growlie	pokemon	40	 From the bushes, James says goodbye to Growlie and asks it to look after his parents, because James would rather live the free low-life with Team Rocket instead of the upper-crust lifestyle.	
Growlie	pokemon	1	 Growlie howls sadly as James heads off.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie, James, and Meowth show up shortly afterwards and examine the poster.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and Meowth are convinced that the boy in the poster is James, but he denies it.	
Jessie	person	107	As the gang wonder how to find James to tell him the news, Team Rocket fall off the roof in front of them; Jessie and Meowth, thinking of James's inheritance, are beating on him because he refuses to get married.	
Jessie	person	71	 James, stating he is confused about the past, makes a run for it, but Jessie and Meowth lasso him back.	
Jessie	person	83	A few minutes later, James has changed into a blue suit and has his mouth covered; Jessie and Meowth are wearing "invisible costumes".	
Jessie	person	25	 They knock on the door, Jessie speaking for James behind her "invisible costume", and Hopkins is overjoyed to see his master home again.	
Jessie	person	62	 Ash and his friends are confused as to why Hopkins can't see Jessie and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie, still speaking for James, begins to blurt out how she (he) wants the money.	
Jessie	person	19	 James explains to Jessie and Meowth that he knew that they would "pull a stunt like this" to try and get him to come home.	
Jessie	person	73	 James tries to escape, but is caught by Hopkins immediately, along with Jessie and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	95	 James is very reluctant to see his future wife, Jessebelle, who seems to be a dead ringer for Jessie; everyone is surprised by the resemblance.	
Jessie	person	27	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	238	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	19	 This entire time, Jessie is covering James's mouth, restraining him, and speaking for him, while Meowth moves his feet to walk.	
Jessie	person	139	 Down in the basement, James's parents appear and tell him that he needs to be taught a lesson for running away from home, as well as tell Jessie and Meowth that they have been aware of them the entire time and only pretended to not notice.	
Jessie	person	24	Ash's group, along with Jessie and Meowth, are then thrown out of the mansion.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie is disgusted by Jessebelle's behavior, and James explains that Jessebelle is the real reason he left home.	
Jessie	person	68	 Suddenly, Jessebelle and Vileplume burst through the wall, sending Jessie and Meowth flying, and a battle ensues.	
Jessie	person	11	Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth lament the loss of James, believing him to have left with Jessebelle.	
Jessie	person	57	" It is James, flying in the Meowth balloon; James pulls Jessie aboard, and they vow to continue their own free lifestyle.	
Jessie	person	4	 As Jessie and James look into each other's eyes, Meowth yells from the ground that they forgot him.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 Jessie, James, and Meowth show up shortly afterwards and examine the poster.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Jessie and Meowth are convinced that the boy in the poster is James, but he denies it.	
Meowth	pokemon	118	As the gang wonder how to find James to tell him the news, Team Rocket fall off the roof in front of them; Jessie and Meowth, thinking of James's inheritance, are beating on him because he refuses to get married.	
Meowth	pokemon	82	 James, stating he is confused about the past, makes a run for it, but Jessie and Meowth lasso him back.	
Meowth	pokemon	94	A few minutes later, James has changed into a blue suit and has his mouth covered; Jessie and Meowth are wearing "invisible costumes".	
Meowth	pokemon	73	 Ash and his friends are confused as to why Hopkins can't see Jessie and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	30	 James explains to Jessie and Meowth that he knew that they would "pull a stunt like this" to try and get him to come home.	
Meowth	pokemon	84	 James tries to escape, but is caught by Hopkins immediately, along with Jessie and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	38	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	249	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	98	 This entire time, Jessie is covering James's mouth, restraining him, and speaking for him, while Meowth moves his feet to walk.	
Meowth	pokemon	150	 Down in the basement, James's parents appear and tell him that he needs to be taught a lesson for running away from home, as well as tell Jessie and Meowth that they have been aware of them the entire time and only pretended to not notice.	
Meowth	pokemon	35	Ash's group, along with Jessie and Meowth, are then thrown out of the mansion.	
Meowth	pokemon	79	 Suddenly, Jessebelle and Vileplume burst through the wall, sending Jessie and Meowth flying, and a battle ensues.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth lament the loss of James, believing him to have left with Jessebelle.	
Meowth	pokemon	29	" It is James, flying in the Meowth balloon; James pulls Jessie aboard, and they vow to continue their own free lifestyle.	
Meowth	pokemon	50	 As Jessie and James look into each other's eyes, Meowth yells from the ground that they forgot him.	
Oddish	person	95	 A flashback shows a young James running out of his house with a young Jessebelle, carrying an Oddish, far behind, shouting that he is "not running properly".	
Spore	move	135	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
Spore	move	41	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
Spore	move	30	 Vileplume tries another Stun Spore, but Growlie and Pikachu shoot a combination of Flamethrower and ThunderShock right back at it, causing Jessebelle and Vileplume to run away in fear.	
Brock	person	25	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are merrily walking across the countryside when they come across a poster of a young boy, with the word 'Missing' above it, who bears a great resemblance to James of Team Rocket.	
Brock	person	31	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
Brock	person	29	 Ash tells them to stop, and Brock agrees that it's James's decision on whether he wants to get married or not.	
Brock	person	205	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, hiding in the background, decide not to get involved in the "family squabble".	
Brock	person	12	Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
James	person	188	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are merrily walking across the countryside when they come across a poster of a young boy, with the word 'Missing' above it, who bears a great resemblance to James of Team Rocket.	
James	person	31	 Ash answers, "We have if he's James from Team Rocket.	
James	person	9	 Jessie, James, and Meowth show up shortly afterwards and examine the poster.	
James	person	63	 Jessie and Meowth are convinced that the boy in the poster is James, but he denies it.	
James	person	14	 Reluctantly, James agrees to follow Ash and friends in the limousine.	
James	person	84	When the limousine arrives at a sizable mansion, the old man, who is revealed to be James's Butler Hopkins, informs everyone that the mansion is merely the home of James's Growlithe, Growlie.	
James	person	164	When the limousine arrives at a sizable mansion, the old man, who is revealed to be James's Butler Hopkins, informs everyone that the mansion is merely the home of James's Growlithe, Growlie.	
James	person	51	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
James	person	92	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
James	person	39	 Hopkins tells our heroes that both of James's parents passed away earlier that morning, and unless James marries his fiancée in twenty-four hours, everything his parents had left for him will go to charity.	
James	person	100	 Hopkins tells our heroes that both of James's parents passed away earlier that morning, and unless James marries his fiancée in twenty-four hours, everything his parents had left for him will go to charity.	
James	person	52	 They are hearing everything Hopkins is saying, and James isn't very keen.	
James	person	31	As the gang wonder how to find James to tell him the news, Team Rocket fall off the roof in front of them; Jessie and Meowth, thinking of James's inheritance, are beating on him because he refuses to get married.	
James	person	138	As the gang wonder how to find James to tell him the news, Team Rocket fall off the roof in front of them; Jessie and Meowth, thinking of James's inheritance, are beating on him because he refuses to get married.	
James	person	52	 Ash tells them to stop, and Brock agrees that it's James's decision on whether he wants to get married or not.	
James	person	1	 James, distraught, then tells everyone a story from before he dropped out of Pokémon Tech and joined a bicycle gang.	
James	person	93	 Everyone else is left crying, except Misty, who loudly exclaims that the story is false, as James is standing right in front of them.	
James	person	1	 James, stating he is confused about the past, makes a run for it, but Jessie and Meowth lasso him back.	
James	person	21	A few minutes later, James has changed into a blue suit and has his mouth covered; Jessie and Meowth are wearing "invisible costumes".	
James	person	45	 They knock on the door, Jessie speaking for James behind her "invisible costume", and Hopkins is overjoyed to see his master home again.	
James	person	15	 He then takes James up to the room where his deceased parents rest in peace.	
James	person	28	 Jessie, still speaking for James, begins to blurt out how she (he) wants the money.	
James	person	72	 But then, laughing can be heard from inside the coffins - and out jump James's parents, both alive!	
James	person	1	 James explains to Jessie and Meowth that he knew that they would "pull a stunt like this" to try and get him to come home.	
James	person	25	 Now it is revealed that James isn't confused about the past, and the reason for wanting to leave so badly was because he doesn't want to get married.	
James	person	1	 James tries to escape, but is caught by Hopkins immediately, along with Jessie and Meowth.	
James	person	69	 Ash and friends realize that this was all part of a big plan to get James to come home and get married.	
James	person	25	Upstairs in the mansion, James's parents reveal their reasoning for capturing James: to marry and continue the family line.	
James	person	78	Upstairs in the mansion, James's parents reveal their reasoning for capturing James: to marry and continue the family line.	
James	person	1	 James is very reluctant to see his future wife, Jessebelle, who seems to be a dead ringer for Jessie; everyone is surprised by the resemblance.	
James	person	1	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
James	person	97	Jessebelle lures Team Rocket down into the 'vault' by saying they'll count all of the money that James will inherit, followed closely behind by Ash and his friends.	
James	person	38	 This entire time, Jessie is covering James's mouth, restraining him, and speaking for him, while Meowth moves his feet to walk.	
James	person	23	 Down in the basement, James's parents appear and tell him that he needs to be taught a lesson for running away from home, as well as tell Jessie and Meowth that they have been aware of them the entire time and only pretended to not notice.	
James	person	50	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
James	person	107	 Jessebelle pits her Pokémon, Vileplume, against James, knocking him out along with everyone else (except James's parents), with Stun Spore.	
James	person	20	 Before going down, James exclaims, "This is just like last time.	
James	person	32	" Jessebelle then vows to force James to become a gentleman even if it destroys both of them.	
James	person	66	 The Growlithe then runs into the mansion and appears in front of James, as if to protect him.	
James	person	72	 Jessebelle orders Vileplume to use Stun Spore on Growlie, but it lifts James onto its back, and jumps out of the mansion window before it hits.	
James	person	129	 Jessebelle, standing on the mansion roof, then proclaims, "I'll follow you to the ends of the Earth, and the bottom of the sea, James dearest.	
James	person	1	"James, Growlie, and the others hide in the doghouse, where James thanks Growlie for saving him.	
James	person	60	"James, Growlie, and the others hide in the doghouse, where James thanks Growlie for saving him.	
James	person	51	 Jessie is disgusted by Jessebelle's behavior, and James explains that Jessebelle is the real reason he left home.	
James	person	76	 Ever since the announcement of their engagement, Jessebelle kept following James everywhere he went.	
James	person	27	 A flashback shows a young James running out of his house with a young Jessebelle, carrying an Oddish, far behind, shouting that he is "not running properly".	
James	person	24	 As the flashback ends, James admits that if he marries Jessebelle, it will be the worst mistake of his life, and that Growlie is the only real friend he has on the estate.	
James	person	18	Jessebelle knocks James's parents, Hopkins, and Vileplume into a pond while running away, proclaiming how much she hates Growlie, leaving them convinced that she's too good for their son.	
James	person	18	 From the bushes, James says goodbye to Growlie and asks it to look after his parents, because James would rather live the free low-life with Team Rocket instead of the upper-crust lifestyle.	
James	person	95	 From the bushes, James says goodbye to Growlie and asks it to look after his parents, because James would rather live the free low-life with Team Rocket instead of the upper-crust lifestyle.	
James	person	24	 Growlie howls sadly as James heads off.	
James	person	48	Meanwhile, Jessie and Meowth lament the loss of James, believing him to have left with Jessebelle.	
James	person	8	" It is James, flying in the Meowth balloon; James pulls Jessie aboard, and they vow to continue their own free lifestyle.	
James	person	45	" It is James, flying in the Meowth balloon; James pulls Jessie aboard, and they vow to continue their own free lifestyle.	
James	person	15	 As Jessie and James look into each other's eyes, Meowth yells from the ground that they forgot him.	
James	person	141	Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
James	person	26	 Ash then yells back that James is usually the one who finds them.	
Misty	person	14	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are merrily walking across the countryside when they come across a poster of a young boy, with the word 'Missing' above it, who bears a great resemblance to James of Team Rocket.	
Misty	person	20	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
Misty	person	38	 Everyone else is left crying, except Misty, who loudly exclaims that the story is false, as James is standing right in front of them.	
Misty	person	216	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, hiding in the background, decide not to get involved in the "family squabble".	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash answers, "We have if he's James from Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	37	 Reluctantly, James agrees to follow Ash and friends in the limousine.	
Ash	person	15	 Hopkins tells Ash, Misty, and Brock all about how James's family is very wealthy, and that James ran away from his home at a young age.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells them to stop, and Brock agrees that it's James's decision on whether he wants to get married or not.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends are confused as to why Hopkins can't see Jessie and Meowth.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends realize that this was all part of a big plan to get James to come home and get married.	
Ash	person	200	 James wants to leave, but Jessie and Meowth, still wearing their "invisible costumes", tell him that they want him to marry Jessebelle so that he can get his parents' inheritance; no one, except for Ash, Brock, and Misty, seem to notice Jessie and Meowth.	
Ash	person	144	Jessebelle lures Team Rocket down into the 'vault' by saying they'll count all of the money that James will inherit, followed closely behind by Ash and his friends.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock, hiding in the background, decide not to get involved in the "family squabble".	
Ash	person	93	" Jessebelle then vows to force James to become a gentleman even if it destroys both of them.Ash's group, along with Jessie and Meowth, are then thrown out of the mansion.	
Ash	person	100	 As Jessie and James look into each other's eyes, Meowth yells from the ground that they forgot him.Ash, Misty, Brock, and Pikachu end up being chased by Jessebelle away from the mansion, who's pleading for them to help her find her beloved James.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then yells back that James is usually the one who finds them.	
