Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	141	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Misty's Psyduck	pokemon	18	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Meowth Balloon	item	20	Team Rocket, in the Meowth Balloon, are extremely angry, and out to find Keith and their Pokémon.	
Officer Jenny	person	66	Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Officer Jenny	person	25	Misty and the group take Officer Jenny to the place in the woods where she bumped into Keith.	
Officer Jenny	person	57	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Officer Jenny	person	40	Back at the police station, Keith tells Officer Jenny that he'll give back all of the Pokémon he stole.	
Team Rocket	group	38	 Just then, Keith and Farfetch'd spot Team Rocket walking by.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 As it turns out, Team Rocket is also looking for a Farfetch'd.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Keith and his Farfetch'd approach Team Rocket, who are disappointed by the fact that the Pokémon already has a master.	
Team Rocket	group	10	Keith and Team Rocket stop at a dock to take a small boat across a river, when the boy "remembers" something he forgot.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 He runs off, saying he'll be right back, leaving Team Rocket with Farfetch'd and all of Keith's Pokémon in a backpack.	
Team Rocket	group	6	 When Team Rocket goes into Keith's bag to get Staryu and Starmie to help themselves out of the water, they discover the bag is full of rocks, just as Misty's was earlier.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Farfetch'd gathers the Poké Balls, and sends Team Rocket over a waterfall.	
Team Rocket	group	90	 Desperate to find her bag, Misty has Psyduck try to lead the group to where it came from.Team Rocket, in the Meowth Balloon, are extremely angry, and out to find Keith and their Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	120	 The boy tries to return their Pokémon by saying the whole thing was just a joke, and in return he can just leave, but Team Rocket wants more.	
Team Rocket	group	82	 So Keith gives them a whole bag full of Poké Balls, along with his "apologies"; Team Rocket decides to forgive him, and they take off in their balloon with all of the Poké Balls.	
Team Rocket	group	14	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is opening all of the Poké Balls that Keith gave them, only to discover that they all contain Voltorb.	
Team Rocket	group	116	Jessie and James, up in their balloon, consider telling their boss what happened, but Meowth convinces them not to; Team Rocket expresses embarrassment over being outsmarted by a kid.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	52	 The group begin discussing the rumor that the rare Farfetch'd has been spotted in the area; Ash immediately decides he wants to catch it.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	20	 All of a sudden, a Farfetch'd appears nearby and begins parading in front of Misty, and then runs into the woods.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	29	Sad from losing track of the Farfetch'd, Misty returns to the meadow where Ash and Brock are looking for her.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	44	 She reveals that she was trying to catch a Farfetch'd, which causes Ash and Brock to become infuriated that she was sneaking around behind their backs.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	78	 They soon calm down after hearing from Misty how much of an awesome Pokémon Farfetch'd is.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	57	Back in the woods, Keith is walking down a path with the Farfetch'd by his side.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	131	 He returns to his tent, which is filled with other backpacks that likely were inherited by the same way Misty's was: by using his Farfetch'd as a distraction so he could steal other Trainers' Pokémon.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	22	 Just then, Keith and Farfetch'd spot Team Rocket walking by.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	52	 As it turns out, Team Rocket is also looking for a Farfetch'd.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	15	 Keith and his Farfetch'd approach Team Rocket, who are disappointed by the fact that the Pokémon already has a master.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	59	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	67	 He runs off, saying he'll be right back, leaving Team Rocket with Farfetch'd and all of Keith's Pokémon in a backpack.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	1	 Farfetch'd gathers the Poké Balls, and sends Team Rocket over a waterfall.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	27	 He states that he and his Farfetch'd had been together for a long time; they had been together ever since he found it injured and nursed it back to health.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	32	 He reveals that just after his Farfetch'd was healed, they started stealing other Trainers' Pokémon.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	102	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	27	 He then explains that his Farfetch'd is too weak to battle, and he has no choice but to steal Pokémon.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	32	 Just as Keith begins to rebut, Farfetch'd expresses an interest in battling.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	45	 With every strike of Bulbasaur's Vine Whip, Farfetch'd seems to becomes more and more energized to win.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	34	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	41	 The boy says that he wouldn't have used Farfetch'd to steal if he had known it had such power.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	42	 Ash, ready to send out Pikachu to battle Farfetch'd, is stopped by Misty, who wants to battle.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	10	 However, Farfetch'd begins to hit it on the head, enough so as to give it a headache.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	71	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	98	 Keith now says that he knows that it was wrong to steal, and that it was wrong not to believe in Farfetch'd.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	25	 He decides to train his Farfetch'd to become even stronger, and the two head off.	
Vine Whip	move	34	 With every strike of Bulbasaur's Vine Whip, Farfetch'd seems to becomes more and more energized to win.	
Lickitung	pokemon	46	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
Poké Ball	item	60	 Misty, eager to catch the Pokémon, calls Psyduck into its Poké Ball and runs after it.	
Poké Ball	item	59	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	 Ash jumps in and sends out Bulbasaur to battle, and orders a Tackle attack from the Pokémon.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	22	 With every strike of Bulbasaur's Vine Whip, Farfetch'd seems to becomes more and more energized to win.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	147	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Pikachu	pokemon	69	Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to take a break in a meadow, along with Pikachu and Psyduck.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Brock, Ash, and Pikachu then decide to get some water for the group from a nearby spring.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash, ready to send out Pikachu to battle Farfetch'd, is stopped by Misty, who wants to battle.	
Agility	move	72	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Voltorb	pokemon	118	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is opening all of the Poké Balls that Keith gave them, only to discover that they all contain Voltorb.	
Voltorb	pokemon	57	 Angry that they have been tricked again, they throw the Voltorb over the edge of their balloon.	
Voltorb	pokemon	35	 All of a sudden, they realize one Voltorb is left in their balloon, and it self-destructs, sending them "blasting off again".	
Weezing	pokemon	33	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
Psyduck	pokemon	81	Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to take a break in a meadow, along with Pikachu and Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	63	 Left alone, Misty begins hearing sounds, and she thinks it is Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	43	 Misty, eager to catch the Pokémon, calls Psyduck into its Poké Ball and runs after it.	
Psyduck	pokemon	26	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Psyduck	pokemon	12	 Just then, Psyduck appears from behind a bush.	
Psyduck	pokemon	89	 Misty asks her Pokémon some questions about where it was and where her bag is, but the Psyduck seems unable to provide any useful information.	
Psyduck	pokemon	38	 Desperate to find her bag, Misty has Psyduck try to lead the group to where it came from.	
Psyduck	pokemon	79	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Psyduck	pokemon	60	 To her dismay, she soon realizes that her only Pokémon is Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck unleashes a powerful Disable attack, sending the Pokémon flying into its owner.	
Psyduck	pokemon	11	 Misty and Psyduck, celebrate their victory over the Trainer that stole her Pokémon.	
Trainer	person	53	 Misty and Psyduck, celebrate their victory over the Trainer that stole her Pokémon.	
Starmie	pokemon	105	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.	
Starmie	pokemon	58	 When Team Rocket goes into Keith's bag to get Staryu and Starmie to help themselves out of the water, they discover the bag is full of rocks, just as Misty's was earlier.	
Disable	move	30	 Psyduck unleashes a powerful Disable attack, sending the Pokémon flying into its owner.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 Misty, eager to catch the Pokémon, calls Psyduck into its Poké Ball and runs after it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 She chases after the flying Pokémon, but then, just after turning a corner, bumps into a boy, Keith, and falls over.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 They soon calm down after hearing from Misty how much of an awesome Pokémon Farfetch'd is.	
Pokémon	pokemon	136	 She deduces that she must have picked up the wrong backpack when she bumped into the boy in the woods, and is upset because all of the Pokémon she had ever caught were in that backpack.	
Pokémon	pokemon	193	 He returns to his tent, which is filled with other backpacks that likely were inherited by the same way Misty's was: by using his Farfetch'd as a distraction so he could steal other Trainers' Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 Keith and his Farfetch'd approach Team Rocket, who are disappointed by the fact that the Pokémon already has a master.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 He runs off, saying he'll be right back, leaving Team Rocket with Farfetch'd and all of Keith's Pokémon in a backpack.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon swims to shore to find Keith waiting for him; the duo has succeeded at yet another plot of thievery.	
Pokémon	pokemon	109	Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 He reveals that just after his Farfetch'd was healed, they started stealing other Trainers' Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 Misty asks her Pokémon some questions about where it was and where her bag is, but the Psyduck seems unable to provide any useful information.	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	Team Rocket, in the Meowth Balloon, are extremely angry, and out to find Keith and their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 They run into him just as he's packing up his tent, and all of the Pokémon he stole, and ready to get on the road.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 The boy tries to return their Pokémon by saying the whole thing was just a joke, and in return he can just leave, but Team Rocket wants more.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 Ash expresses how much time and care Trainers put into raising their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 The group decides that they would have a Pokémon battle to teach him a lesson, so Keith could see how difficult a match is really.	
Pokémon	pokemon	95	 He then explains that his Farfetch'd is too weak to battle, and he has no choice but to steal Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Brock discounts this and says that Pokémon will become stronger with Trainers who work with them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 Ash jumps in and sends out Bulbasaur to battle, and orders a Tackle attack from the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	124	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 To her dismay, she soon realizes that her only Pokémon is Psyduck.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 Psyduck unleashes a powerful Disable attack, sending the Pokémon flying into its owner.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	 Misty and Psyduck, celebrate their victory over the Trainer that stole her Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	Back at the police station, Keith tells Officer Jenny that he'll give back all of the Pokémon he stole.	
Pokémon	pokemon	116	 Jenny informs him that he is lucky that none of the Trainers are going to press charges because they all got their Pokémon back; Misty expresses her joy to have her Pokémon back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	167	 Jenny informs him that he is lucky that none of the Trainers are going to press charges because they all got their Pokémon back; Misty expresses her joy to have her Pokémon back.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
Jessie	person	82	 He decides to train his Farfetch'd to become even stronger, and the two head off.Jessie and James, up in their balloon, consider telling their boss what happened, but Meowth convinces them not to; Team Rocket expresses embarrassment over being outsmarted by a kid.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	Team Rocket, in the Meowth Balloon, are extremely angry, and out to find Keith and their Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	86	Jessie and James, up in their balloon, consider telling their boss what happened, but Meowth convinces them not to; Team Rocket expresses embarrassment over being outsmarted by a kid.	
Tackle	move	62	 Ash jumps in and sends out Bulbasaur to battle, and orders a Tackle attack from the Pokémon.	
Staryu	pokemon	84	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.	
Staryu	pokemon	47	 When Team Rocket goes into Keith's bag to get Staryu and Starmie to help themselves out of the water, they discover the bag is full of rocks, just as Misty's was earlier.	
Keith	person	96	 She chases after the flying Pokémon, but then, just after turning a corner, bumps into a boy, Keith, and falls over.	
Keith	person	19	Back in the woods, Keith is walking down a path with the Farfetch'd by his side.	
Keith	person	12	 Just then, Keith and Farfetch'd spot Team Rocket walking by.	
Keith	person	1	 Keith and his Farfetch'd approach Team Rocket, who are disappointed by the fact that the Pokémon already has a master.	
Keith	person	185	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.Keith and Team Rocket stop at a dock to take a small boat across a river, when the boy "remembers" something he forgot.	
Keith	person	89	 He runs off, saying he'll be right back, leaving Team Rocket with Farfetch'd and all of Keith's Pokémon in a backpack.	
Keith	person	28	 When Team Rocket goes into Keith's bag to get Staryu and Starmie to help themselves out of the water, they discover the bag is full of rocks, just as Misty's was earlier.	
Keith	person	37	 The Pokémon swims to shore to find Keith waiting for him; the duo has succeeded at yet another plot of thievery.	
Keith	person	8	Back at Keith's tent, he begins talking to himself about his situation.	
Keith	person	92	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Keith	person	87	Misty and the group take Officer Jenny to the place in the woods where she bumped into Keith.	
Keith	person	73	Team Rocket, in the Meowth Balloon, are extremely angry, and out to find Keith and their Pokémon.	
Keith	person	4	 So Keith gives them a whole bag full of Poké Balls, along with his "apologies"; Team Rocket decides to forgive him, and they take off in their balloon with all of the Poké Balls.	
Keith	person	20	 Everyone surrounds Keith, confronting him about his stealing.	
Keith	person	84	 The group decides that they would have a Pokémon battle to teach him a lesson, so Keith could see how difficult a match is really.	
Keith	person	9	 Just as Keith begins to rebut, Farfetch'd expresses an interest in battling.	
Keith	person	1	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Keith	person	62	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is opening all of the Poké Balls that Keith gave them, only to discover that they all contain Voltorb.	
Keith	person	57	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
Keith	person	28	Back at the police station, Keith tells Officer Jenny that he'll give back all of the Pokémon he stole.	
Keith	person	1	 Keith now says that he knows that it was wrong to steal, and that it was wrong not to believe in Farfetch'd.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to take a break in a meadow, along with Pikachu and Psyduck.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock, Ash, and Pikachu then decide to get some water for the group from a nearby spring.	
Brock	person	83	Sad from losing track of the Farfetch'd, Misty returns to the meadow where Ash and Brock are looking for her.	
Brock	person	77	 She reveals that she was trying to catch a Farfetch'd, which causes Ash and Brock to become infuriated that she was sneaking around behind their backs.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock hands Misty the water that he had gotten for her, but when she goes to put it in her bag she realizes something shocking: the backpack is filled with rocks!	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Brock	person	46	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock discounts this and says that Pokémon will become stronger with Trainers who work with them.	
Brock	person	136	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
James	person	11	Jessie and James, up in their balloon, consider telling their boss what happened, but Meowth convinces them not to; Team Rocket expresses embarrassment over being outsmarted by a kid.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock decide to take a break in a meadow, along with Pikachu and Psyduck.	
Misty	person	13	 Left alone, Misty begins hearing sounds, and she thinks it is Psyduck.	
Misty	person	78	 All of a sudden, a Farfetch'd appears nearby and begins parading in front of Misty, and then runs into the woods.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, eager to catch the Pokémon, calls Psyduck into its Poké Ball and runs after it.	
Misty	person	27	 The boy apologizes, hands Misty her bag that had fallen to the ground, and runs off in a hurry.	
Misty	person	41	Sad from losing track of the Farfetch'd, Misty returns to the meadow where Ash and Brock are looking for her.	
Misty	person	40	 They soon calm down after hearing from Misty how much of an awesome Pokémon Farfetch'd is.	
Misty	person	13	 Brock hands Misty the water that he had gotten for her, but when she goes to put it in her bag she realizes something shocking: the backpack is filled with rocks!	
Misty	person	105	 He returns to his tent, which is filled with other backpacks that likely were inherited by the same way Misty's was: by using his Farfetch'd as a distraction so he could steal other Trainers' Pokémon.	
Misty	person	92	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.	
Misty	person	119	 The boy states that he was planning on getting rid of his Farfetch'd, along with a Staryu (Misty's) and Starmie (also Misty's), and proposes that they could work out some sort of deal.	
Misty	person	151	 When Team Rocket goes into Keith's bag to get Staryu and Starmie to help themselves out of the water, they discover the bag is full of rocks, just as Misty's was earlier.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Misty	person	101	Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Misty	person	23	 Jenny tells them that Misty is the fifth victim of the backpack-switching thief just that week; she informs everyone of how she has been trying to catch the perpetrator, to no avail.	
Misty	person	18	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.Misty and the group take Officer Jenny to the place in the woods where she bumped into Keith.	
Misty	person	123	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.Misty and the group take Officer Jenny to the place in the woods where she bumped into Keith.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks her Pokémon some questions about where it was and where her bag is, but the Psyduck seems unable to provide any useful information.	
Misty	person	28	 Desperate to find her bag, Misty has Psyduck try to lead the group to where it came from.	
Misty	person	39	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Misty	person	68	 Ash, ready to send out Pikachu to battle Farfetch'd, is stopped by Misty, who wants to battle.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Psyduck, celebrate their victory over the Trainer that stole her Pokémon.	
Misty	person	129	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
Misty	person	131	 Jenny informs him that he is lucky that none of the Trainers are going to press charges because they all got their Pokémon back; Misty expresses her joy to have her Pokémon back.	
Arbok	pokemon	23	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
Poké	item	60	 Misty, eager to catch the Pokémon, calls Psyduck into its Poké Ball and runs after it.	
Poké	item	100	 He looks inside the newly stolen backpack to inspect what he has found, which turns out to be five Poké Balls.	
Poké	item	64	 Jessie and James lose Arbok and Weezing (and Lickitung), whose Poké Balls are floating down stream.	
Poké	item	24	 Farfetch'd gathers the Poké Balls, and sends Team Rocket over a waterfall.	
Poké	item	59	 Inside the tent, Misty's Psyduck releases itself from its Poké Ball and walks off without Keith, or Farfetch'd, noticing.	
Poké	item	41	 So Keith gives them a whole bag full of Poké Balls, along with his "apologies"; Team Rocket decides to forgive him, and they take off in their balloon with all of the Poké Balls.	
Poké	item	169	 So Keith gives them a whole bag full of Poké Balls, along with his "apologies"; Team Rocket decides to forgive him, and they take off in their balloon with all of the Poké Balls.	
Poké	item	45	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is opening all of the Poké Balls that Keith gave them, only to discover that they all contain Voltorb.	
Ash	person	93	 The group begin discussing the rumor that the rare Farfetch'd has been spotted in the area; Ash immediately decides he wants to catch it.	
Ash	person	8	 Brock, Ash, and Pikachu then decide to get some water for the group from a nearby spring.	
Ash	person	75	Sad from losing track of the Farfetch'd, Misty returns to the meadow where Ash and Brock are looking for her.	
Ash	person	69	 She reveals that she was trying to catch a Farfetch'd, which causes Ash and Brock to become infuriated that she was sneaking around behind their backs.	
Ash	person	114	 The Pokémon swims to shore to find Keith waiting for him; the duo has succeeded at yet another plot of thievery.Ash, Misty, and Brock run to the nearest police station, and tell Officer Jenny what had happened to Misty's Pokémon, still believing the whole thing was an accident.	
Ash	person	34	Shortly after Team Rocket leaves, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Officer Jenny arrive, Psyduck having led them correctly.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash expresses how much time and care Trainers put into raising their Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash jumps in and sends out Bulbasaur to battle, and orders a Tackle attack from the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	141	 Keith, completely unaware of his Farfetch'd's techniques, witnesses an Agility attack, followed by multiple strikes of the Pokémon's leek; Ash's Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, ready to send out Pikachu to battle Farfetch'd, is stopped by Misty, who wants to battle.	
Ash	person	124	 All of the Pokémon, unfortunately, land directly where Keith and his Farfetch'd are, and they all self-destruct near him, Ash, Misty, Brock, and Jenny.	
