Pokémon Center	building	59	The episode begins with Ash and his friends sitting in the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon Center	building	44	The discussion concludes and they leave the Pokémon Center.	
Cerulean City	settlement	98	 After the draw, the final match ends up being between Misty and Ash, in their first battle since Cerulean City.	
Professor Oak	person	41	 While there, Ash gets a phone call from Professor Oak on the PC phone.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Just outside, they find the Team Rocket posing as Egg sellers.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries to talk them into trading or buying one of their Eggs and when the group politely refuses, Jessie and James resort to throwing all of their fake Eggs in the air.	
Team Rocket	group	106	 The real Egg, that Brock was holding, gets stolen in the confusion caused by the multitude of lookalikes.Team Rocket runs out of sight, escaping with the real Egg!	
Team Rocket	group	15	 Meanwhile, in Team Rocket's small hiding shack, Meowth takes care of the Egg.	
Team Rocket	group	118	The three young adventurers follow a trail of broken red blue and green eggshells until they reach the shack in which Team Rocket is hiding.	
Team Rocket	group	53	 They all quickly explode into the shack, surprising Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	46	 Ash and others are all surprised, especially Team Rocket, who instantly want to steal it.	
Thunderbolt	move	54	 Ash and Meowth battle, but it is cut short after one Thunderbolt by Pikachu.	
Poison Gas	move	38	 James sends out Weezing, who gives a Poison Gas attack, making Ash and others cough and gasp for breath.	
Water-type	type	64	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Rock-type	type	88	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Poké Ball	item	235	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	14	Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur and Misty attempted to send out Staryu, but instead Psyduck popped out.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	17	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	112	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Through much controversy among the shack's occupants, Pikachu ends up with the Egg and gives it back to Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	69	 Ash and Meowth battle, but it is cut short after one Thunderbolt by Pikachu.	
Weezing	pokemon	17	 James sends out Weezing, who gives a Poison Gas attack, making Ash and others cough and gasp for breath.	
Psyduck	pokemon	77	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur and Misty attempted to send out Staryu, but instead Psyduck popped out.	
Psyduck	pokemon	37	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Psyduck	pokemon	170	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Psyduck	pokemon	210	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Geodude	pokemon	68	Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	The episode begins with Ash and his friends sitting in the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	159	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	The discussion concludes and they leave the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	Misty, enthralled with this new event, jumps in, pushing everyone else out of the way to get a closer look at the hatching Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 When she does get a hold of it, the Egg hatches, revealing a new, unidentified Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Ash points his newly updated Pokédex at the Pokémon, identifying it as a Togepi.	
Pokémon	pokemon	21	Togepi, unlike other Pokémon, will not bond with just anybody, to Ash's and Brock's disappointment.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	 Because Misty is the first thing that the Pokémon saw after hatching, it thinks that Misty is its mother.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	This newly hatched Pokémon causes quite a fuss among the group.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 They all decide to have a Pokémon tournament to determine who should have Togepi.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	Meowth panics because he has no Pokémon, and goes and asks Jessie and James for theirs.	
Pokémon	pokemon	102	 They refuse, as he didn't let them participate in the tournament; Meowth then remembers that he is a Pokémon and decides to battle for himself.	
Pokédex	item	25	 He informs Ash that his Pokédex is now upgradeable.	
Pokédex	item	30	 Ash points his newly updated Pokédex at the Pokémon, identifying it as a Togepi.	
Pokédex	item	7	 Ash's Pokédex explains that, when Togepi hatched, it imprinted on her as its parent.	
Jessie	person	110	 Team Rocket tries to talk them into trading or buying one of their Eggs and when the group politely refuses, Jessie and James resort to throwing all of their fake Eggs in the air.	
Jessie	person	190	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
Jessie	person	60	Meowth panics because he has no Pokémon, and goes and asks Jessie and James for theirs.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James drag a crisp, sobbing Meowth away.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 Meanwhile, in Team Rocket's small hiding shack, Meowth takes care of the Egg.	
Meowth	pokemon	16	 While it is in Meowth's possession, the Egg is lavished with attention and care.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth sleeps with it, sings to it and even eats with it, guarding it from anything he feels might damage or harm his new charge.	
Meowth	pokemon	115	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
Meowth	pokemon	123	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth points out to them that his partners didn't do anything to help in Togepi's growth.	
Meowth	pokemon	83	 They all decide to have a Pokémon tournament to determine who should have Togepi.Meowth panics because he has no Pokémon, and goes and asks Jessie and James for theirs.	
Meowth	pokemon	67	 They refuse, as he didn't let them participate in the tournament; Meowth then remembers that he is a Pokémon and decides to battle for himself.	
Meowth	pokemon	9	 Ash and Meowth battle, but it is cut short after one Thunderbolt by Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	40	 Jessie and James drag a crisp, sobbing Meowth away.	
Fossil	item	168	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Togepi	pokemon	76	 Ash points his newly updated Pokédex at the Pokémon, identifying it as a Togepi.Togepi, unlike other Pokémon, will not bond with just anybody, to Ash's and Brock's disappointment.	
Togepi	pokemon	34	 To everyone's surprise, the baby Togepi chooses Misty!	
Togepi	pokemon	75	 Meowth points out to them that his partners didn't do anything to help in Togepi's growth.	
Togepi	pokemon	36	 Misty feels she should have it, as Togepi likes her best.	
Togepi	pokemon	76	 They all decide to have a Pokémon tournament to determine who should have Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	23	 After the tournament, Togepi still doesn't want to go with Ash, or Brock, instead still choosing Misty.	
Togepi	pokemon	36	 Ash's Pokédex explains that, when Togepi hatched, it imprinted on her as its parent.	
Staryu	pokemon	41	Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Staryu	pokemon	57	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur and Misty attempted to send out Staryu, but instead Psyduck popped out.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Brock	person	79	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Brock	person	20	 The real Egg, that Brock was holding, gets stolen in the confusion caused by the multitude of lookalikes.	
Brock	person	16	 Ash, Misty and Brock are stuck with a fake.	
Brock	person	52	Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Brock	person	77	Togepi, unlike other Pokémon, will not bond with just anybody, to Ash's and Brock's disappointment.	
Brock	person	55	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
Brock	person	68	 After the tournament, Togepi still doesn't want to go with Ash, or Brock, instead still choosing Misty.	
James	person	121	 Team Rocket tries to talk them into trading or buying one of their Eggs and when the group politely refuses, Jessie and James resort to throwing all of their fake Eggs in the air.	
James	person	1	 James sends out Weezing, who gives a Poison Gas attack, making Ash and others cough and gasp for breath.	
James	person	201	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
James	person	71	Meowth panics because he has no Pokémon, and goes and asks Jessie and James for theirs.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James drag a crisp, sobbing Meowth away.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Misty	person	50	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty and Brock are stuck with a fake.	
Misty	person	25	Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Misty	person	74	 At that moment the Egg begins to glow and break open, beginning to hatch.Misty, enthralled with this new event, jumps in, pushing everyone else out of the way to get a closer look at the hatching Pokémon.	
Misty	person	49	 To everyone's surprise, the baby Togepi chooses Misty!	
Misty	person	9	 Because Misty is the first thing that the Pokémon saw after hatching, it thinks that Misty is its mother.	
Misty	person	87	 Because Misty is the first thing that the Pokémon saw after hatching, it thinks that Misty is its mother.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty feels she should have it, as Togepi likes her best.	
Misty	person	55	 After the draw, the final match ends up being between Misty and Ash, in their first battle since Cerulean City.	
Misty	person	29	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur and Misty attempted to send out Staryu, but instead Psyduck popped out.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	98	 After the tournament, Togepi still doesn't want to go with Ash, or Brock, instead still choosing Misty.	
Water	type	64	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Poké	item	235	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Rock	type	88	 Naturally, they all say their favorite Pokémon; Misty wants a Water-type and Brock, a Rock-type.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash and his friends sitting in the Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	14	 While there, Ash gets a phone call from Professor Oak on the PC phone.	
Ash	person	12	 He informs Ash that his Pokédex is now upgradeable.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash uses a device within the PC to receive the upgrade.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Ash	person	137	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Ash	person	62	 The three have a whole basketful of Eggs that look just like Ash's mysterious Egg.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty and Brock are stuck with a fake.	
Ash	person	89	 They decide to burst in, even though it may be dangerous to do so, and get the Egg back.Ash sends out Pidgeotto, Misty sends out Staryu and Brock sends out Geodude.	
Ash	person	64	 James sends out Weezing, who gives a Poison Gas attack, making Ash and others cough and gasp for breath.	
Ash	person	105	 Through much controversy among the shack's occupants, Pikachu ends up with the Egg and gives it back to Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and others are all surprised, especially Team Rocket, who instantly want to steal it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash points his newly updated Pokédex at the Pokémon, identifying it as a Togepi.	
Ash	person	67	Togepi, unlike other Pokémon, will not bond with just anybody, to Ash's and Brock's disappointment.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash feels that he should have it because he found it; Brock feels it should be his because he cared for it before Meowth; Meowth wants it because he looked after it just before it hatched; Jessie and James both just want it!	
Ash	person	65	 After the draw, the final match ends up being between Misty and Ash, in their first battle since Cerulean City.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur and Misty attempted to send out Staryu, but instead Psyduck popped out.	
Ash	person	93	 Misty instructs Bulbasaur to attack Psyduck on the head to worsen its chronic headache, but Ash decides to use Bulbasaur for a different manner, and commands it to lick Psyduck on the head and tickle it until Psyduck went back in its Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Meowth battle, but it is cut short after one Thunderbolt by Pikachu.	
Ash	person	7	 Thus, Ash is the winner of the tournament.	
Ash	person	60	 After the tournament, Togepi still doesn't want to go with Ash, or Brock, instead still choosing Misty.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pokédex explains that, when Togepi hatched, it imprinted on her as its parent.	
Egg	item	128	 Ash, Misty, and Brock sit at a nearby table and begin to discuss the Pokémon that they wish would hatch out of the mysterious Egg that Ash found back at the Pokémon Fossil Canyon.	
Egg	item	51	 Just outside, they find the Team Rocket posing as Egg sellers.	
Egg	item	79	 The three have a whole basketful of Eggs that look just like Ash's mysterious Egg.	
Egg	item	10	 The real Egg, that Brock was holding, gets stolen in the confusion caused by the multitude of lookalikes.	
Egg	item	54	Team Rocket runs out of sight, escaping with the real Egg!	
Egg	item	74	 Meanwhile, in Team Rocket's small hiding shack, Meowth takes care of the Egg.	
Egg	item	41	 While it is in Meowth's possession, the Egg is lavished with attention and care.	
Egg	item	80	 They decide to burst in, even though it may be dangerous to do so, and get the Egg back.	
Egg	item	33	 The person in possession of the Egg at this point is obscured by the gas.	
Egg	item	47	 The characters all lunge for the little white Egg.	
Egg	item	5	 The Egg is tossed up and down frantically, much like in a game of football!	
Egg	item	80	 Through much controversy among the shack's occupants, Pikachu ends up with the Egg and gives it back to Ash.	
Egg	item	20	 At that moment the Egg begins to glow and break open, beginning to hatch.	
Egg	item	37	 When she does get a hold of it, the Egg hatches, revealing a new, unidentified Pokémon.	
Oak	person	51	 While there, Ash gets a phone call from Professor Oak on the PC phone.	
