Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	42	 The ground shakes as it charges right at Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Ash's Bulbasaur gets up and watches the view from above, with Pikachu accompanying him.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	56	 Suddenly, a group of Bulbasaur use their Vines to grab Ash's Bulbasaur and take it to their garden.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	67	 Suddenly, they walk right past the big group of Bulbasaur holding Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	64	 Brock says if they follow the trail of pollen, they might find Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	22	The gang searches for Ash's Bulbasaur; when they realize it has a bandage on its head, they manage to spot it.	
Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	22	 Pikachu flies up and Ash's Bulbasaur catches him with its vine.	
Pokémon Center	building	35	They rush Bulbasaur to the nearest Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon Center	building	26	Everyone is asleep at the Pokémon Center and a long line of Bulbasaur goes past.	
Pokémon Center	building	32	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.	
Cinnabar Gym	building	59	This story begins with Ash and his friends heading for the Cinnabar Gym.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket cannot get through the wall of vines.	
Team Rocket	group	28	 It still refuses to evolve.Team Rocket arrives in their balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	30	 Ash tells Bulbasaur to knock Team Rocket out of the sky.	
Team Rocket	group	75	 The balloon explodes, and Bulbasaur frees all the Ivysaur with Razor Leaf.Team Rocket falls to the ground in the basket.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 They hit Team Rocket at once with all their vines, and they go flying for the second time in one episode.	
Solar Beam	move	45	 The Pokédex says it's getting ready to use Solar Beam.	
Solar Beam	move	27	 Ash tells it to ready its Solar Beam.	
Razor Leaf	move	43	 Rhyhorn charges again, but Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, stopping it dead in its tracks before following up with a Vine Whip.	
Razor Leaf	move	23	 Bulbasaur tries using Razor Leaf, but it fails.	
Razor Leaf	move	64	 The balloon explodes, and Bulbasaur frees all the Ivysaur with Razor Leaf.	
Leech Seed	move	35	 Ash commands his Bulbasaur to use Leech Seed, but Rhyhorn closes in and sends Bulbasaur flying before the attack is launched.	
Vine Whip	move	113	 Rhyhorn charges again, but Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, stopping it dead in its tracks before following up with a Vine Whip.	
Vine Whip	move	49	 The Venusaur is about to hit Bulbasaur with its Vine Whip, but Ash blocks it just in time.	
Nurse Joy	person	11	 Ash tells Nurse Joy about what happened and asks her to save it.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy hooks up Bulbasaur to a machine and runs some tests.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy tells Ash that it will evolve at a special festival for Bulbasaur.	
Poké Ball	item	118	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	57	 The Trainer sends out a Rhyhorn while Ash counters with Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	48	 The ground shakes as it charges right at Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	18	 Ash commands his Bulbasaur to use Leech Seed, but Rhyhorn closes in and sends Bulbasaur flying before the attack is launched.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	79	 Ash commands his Bulbasaur to use Leech Seed, but Rhyhorn closes in and sends Bulbasaur flying before the attack is launched.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	21	 Ash tries to recall Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur refuses.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	36	 Ash tries to recall Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur refuses.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	73	 Brock states that it will not back down until it wins and it seems that Bulbasaur really wants to battle it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	 Rhyhorn charges again, but Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, stopping it dead in its tracks before following up with a Vine Whip.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	37	 The Hiker commends Ash for training Bulbasaur well.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	27	 Ash then notices that his Bulbasaur cannot get up, its bulb pulsating a blue glow.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	10	They rush Bulbasaur to the nearest Pokémon Center.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	20	 Nurse Joy hooks up Bulbasaur to a machine and runs some tests.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	52	 Afterward, she returns to Ash and informs him that Bulbasaur is not sick at all.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	 Ash is purely excited, but Bulbasaur overhears Ash, not appearing to be as happy.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	67	 Nurse Joy tells Ash that it will evolve at a special festival for Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	61	Everyone is asleep at the Pokémon Center and a long line of Bulbasaur goes past.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	7	 Ash's Bulbasaur gets up and watches the view from above, with Pikachu accompanying him.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	22	 Suddenly, a group of Bulbasaur use their Vines to grab Ash's Bulbasaur and take it to their garden.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	62	 Suddenly, a group of Bulbasaur use their Vines to grab Ash's Bulbasaur and take it to their garden.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	117	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	49	 Suddenly, they walk right past the big group of Bulbasaur holding Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	73	 Suddenly, they walk right past the big group of Bulbasaur holding Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	47	 Jessie says they should capture them, but the Bulbasaur all hit them with their vines, and they blast off again.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	70	 Brock says if they follow the trail of pollen, they might find Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	92	 They were inside the Great Mysterious Garden, the legend was true, Inside are thousands of Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	The gang searches for Ash's Bulbasaur; when they realize it has a bandage on its head, they manage to spot it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	30	 Ash tries to yell out to his Bulbasaur; Brock stops him and reminds him that humans have never been in this garden before.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	12	 All of the Bulbasaur are happy except for Ash's.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 All of the bulbs on the Bulbasaur's backs begin to glow.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	4	The Bulbasaur start to evolve into Ivysaur one by one.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	54	 Brock says that people have always disagreed whether Bulbasaur is a plant or animal.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	20	 He says that maybe Bulbasaur are a symbol that all life on Earth is connected.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 Ash points out that his Bulbasaur is struggling to not evolve.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	30	 The Venusaur is about to hit Bulbasaur with its Vine Whip, but Ash blocks it just in time.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	56	Ash apologizes for coming to their festival, but states Bulbasaur is his friend.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	30	 He asks if they are mad that Bulbasaur will not evolve, and they all nod.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	18	 Ash says that if Bulbasaur does not want to evolve, they cannot force it to.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	18	 Venusaur says to Bulbasaur that if it evolves, it could do that too.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	 Pikachu flies up and Ash's Bulbasaur catches him with its vine.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Bulbasaur to knock Team Rocket out of the sky.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur tries using Razor Leaf, but it fails.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	31	 James asks if they should get Bulbasaur, and Jessie and Meowth just laugh, saying Bulbasaur is a wimp.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	83	 James asks if they should get Bulbasaur, and Jessie and Meowth just laugh, saying Bulbasaur is a wimp.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur shouts and the sun suddenly rises over the horizon.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	71	 The sun's rays enters through the opening into the top of the bulb in Bulbasaur's back.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	27	 The balloon explodes, and Bulbasaur frees all the Ivysaur with Razor Leaf.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	10	 Ash says Bulbasaur did great.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur extends its vine and connects with Venusaur as a sign of respect.	
Take Down	move	20	 Rhyhorn executes a Take Down attack.	
Venusaur	pokemon	37	Suddenly a tree starts to open and a Venusaur appears.	
Venusaur	pokemon	5	 The Venusaur yells at it, and all the Ivysaur start getting mad.	
Venusaur	pokemon	5	 The Venusaur is about to hit Bulbasaur with its Vine Whip, but Ash blocks it just in time.	
Venusaur	pokemon	44	 A bunch of pollen comes from the flower on Venusaur's back and goes on the tree, causing it to grow more.	
Venusaur	pokemon	1	 Venusaur says to Bulbasaur that if it evolves, it could do that too.	
Venusaur	pokemon	1	 Venusaur agrees, extending a vine.	
Venusaur	pokemon	46	 Bulbasaur extends its vine and connects with Venusaur as a sign of respect.	
Venusaur	pokemon	22	 They wave goodbye to Venusaur and Ivysaur.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	25	 The Trainer sends out a Rhyhorn while Ash counters with Bulbasaur.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	1	 Rhyhorn executes a Take Down attack.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	51	 Ash commands his Bulbasaur to use Leech Seed, but Rhyhorn closes in and sends Bulbasaur flying before the attack is launched.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	1	 Rhyhorn charges again, but Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, stopping it dead in its tracks before following up with a Vine Whip.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	1	 Rhyhorn collapses and Ash wins.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	35	The Bulbasaur start to evolve into Ivysaur one by one.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	39	 The Venusaur yells at it, and all the Ivysaur start getting mad.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	44	 All of a sudden, they start sucking up the Ivysaur into a bag.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	51	 The balloon explodes, and Bulbasaur frees all the Ivysaur with Razor Leaf.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	35	 They wave goodbye to Venusaur and Ivysaur.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu does not like this and puts on a look of desperation on his face.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 Ash's Bulbasaur gets up and watches the view from above, with Pikachu accompanying him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	They are all following Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu flies up and Ash's Bulbasaur catches him with its vine.	
Trainer	person	5	 The Trainer sends out a Rhyhorn while Ash counters with Bulbasaur.	
Trainer	person	34	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	They rush Bulbasaur to the nearest Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	26	Everyone is asleep at the Pokémon Center and a long line of Bulbasaur goes past.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.	
Pokémon	pokemon	9	 All the Pokémon are mad.	
Pokédex	item	26	 Ash then scans it on his Pokédex.	
Pokédex	item	5	 The Pokédex says it's getting ready to use Solar Beam.	
Jessie	person	127	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.Jessie and James show up and Jessie sees all the beautiful flowers, enjoying them.	
Jessie	person	156	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.Jessie and James show up and Jessie sees all the beautiful flowers, enjoying them.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie says they should capture them, but the Bulbasaur all hit them with their vines, and they blast off again.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James get out an axe and a saw.	
Jessie	person	46	 James asks if they should get Bulbasaur, and Jessie and Meowth just laugh, saying Bulbasaur is a wimp.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 James asks Meowth to scratch his way through, and Meowth says he just had his claws filed.	
Meowth	pokemon	51	 James asks Meowth to scratch his way through, and Meowth says he just had his claws filed.	
Meowth	pokemon	57	 James asks if they should get Bulbasaur, and Jessie and Meowth just laugh, saying Bulbasaur is a wimp.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock states that it will not back down until it wins and it seems that Bulbasaur really wants to battle it.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says if they follow the trail of pollen, they might find Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock comments on the description, saying that it makes it sound like a plant.	
Brock	person	41	 Ash tries to yell out to his Bulbasaur; Brock stops him and reminds him that humans have never been in this garden before.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says that people have always disagreed whether Bulbasaur is a plant or animal.	
James	person	11	Jessie and James show up and Jessie sees all the beautiful flowers, enjoying them.	
James	person	1	 James disagrees as he has allergies.	
James	person	1	 James asks Meowth to scratch his way through, and Meowth says he just had his claws filed.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James get out an axe and a saw.	
James	person	1	 James asks if they should get Bulbasaur, and Jessie and Meowth just laugh, saying Bulbasaur is a wimp.	
Hiker	person	39	 When walking along, he comes across a Hiker that challenges him to a battle.	
Hiker	person	5	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Hiker	person	5	 The Hiker commends Ash for training Bulbasaur well.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says that it's manipulating nature.	
Poké	item	118	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Gym	building	68	This story begins with Ash and his friends heading for the Cinnabar Gym.	
Ash	person	23	This story begins with Ash and his friends heading for the Cinnabar Gym.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's path is not easy as he has to battle other Trainers along the way.	
Ash	person	39	 The Trainer sends out a Rhyhorn while Ash counters with Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	42	 The ground shakes as it charges right at Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands his Bulbasaur to use Leech Seed, but Rhyhorn closes in and sends Bulbasaur flying before the attack is launched.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to recall Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur refuses.	
Ash	person	16	 The Hiker says Ash must be a bad Trainer if his own Pokémon does not listen to him and cannot even return it to its Poké Ball when told.	
Ash	person	23	 Rhyhorn collapses and Ash wins.	
Ash	person	20	 The Hiker commends Ash for training Bulbasaur well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then notices that his Bulbasaur cannot get up, its bulb pulsating a blue glow.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Nurse Joy about what happened and asks her to save it.	
Ash	person	27	 Afterward, she returns to Ash and informs him that Bulbasaur is not sick at all.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is purely excited, but Bulbasaur overhears Ash, not appearing to be as happy.	
Ash	person	48	 Ash is purely excited, but Bulbasaur overhears Ash, not appearing to be as happy.	
Ash	person	17	 Nurse Joy tells Ash that it will evolve at a special festival for Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Bulbasaur gets up and watches the view from above, with Pikachu accompanying him.	
Ash	person	56	 Suddenly, a group of Bulbasaur use their Vines to grab Ash's Bulbasaur and take it to their garden.	
Ash	person	59	 Pikachu then heads back to the Pokémon Center to wake up Ash and the others, and they decide to follow him to find Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	67	 Suddenly, they walk right past the big group of Bulbasaur holding Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	64	 Brock says if they follow the trail of pollen, they might find Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says they will not stop, and they dive through them just in time.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then scans it on his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	22	The gang searches for Ash's Bulbasaur; when they realize it has a bandage on its head, they manage to spot it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to yell out to his Bulbasaur; Brock stops him and reminds him that humans have never been in this garden before.	
Ash	person	43	 All of the Bulbasaur are happy except for Ash's.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash points out that his Bulbasaur is struggling to not evolve.	
Ash	person	64	 The Venusaur is about to hit Bulbasaur with its Vine Whip, but Ash blocks it just in time.Ash apologizes for coming to their festival, but states Bulbasaur is his friend.	
Ash	person	91	 The Venusaur is about to hit Bulbasaur with its Vine Whip, but Ash blocks it just in time.Ash apologizes for coming to their festival, but states Bulbasaur is his friend.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that if Bulbasaur does not want to evolve, they cannot force it to.	
Ash	person	22	 Pikachu flies up and Ash's Bulbasaur catches him with its vine.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Bulbasaur to knock Team Rocket out of the sky.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells it to ready its Solar Beam.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says Bulbasaur did great.	
Ash	person	76	 Bulbasaur extends its vine and connects with Venusaur as a sign of respect.Ash and the others leave.	
