Fiorella Cappuccino	person	54	 The other prize is a picture with a movie star named Fiorella Cappuccino, but they don't show interest in that.	
Princess Festival	event	67	The episode begins with Misty and Jessie getting excited about The Princess Festival, a holiday with events, shopping sales and discounts, festivals, and games that are exclusively for women.	
Princess Festival	event	78	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Princess Festival	event	108	 They quickly forget about it when an announcement is made over the store's intercom about the Queen of the Princess Festival contest.	
Cerulean Gym	building	41	In the end, Misty sends the dolls to the Cerulean Gym to make her sisters jealous.	
O-Hina Town	settlement	99	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Team Rocket	group	72	 Misty then wins the match with Psyduck's Confusion, while blasting off Team Rocket in the process!	
Team Rocket	group	8	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Confusion	move	42	 Misty then wins the match with Psyduck's Confusion, while blasting off Team Rocket in the process!	
Lickitung	pokemon	145	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Lickitung	pokemon	115	 At first, Jessie and James lose hope that she will win the contest, but then Meowth reminds her that she caught a Lickitung earlier, and the battle continues!	
Lickitung	pokemon	1	 Lickitung easily defeats Pikachu, Bulbasaur, and Vulpix with its tongue movements!	
Lickitung	pokemon	38	 But in an unexpected turn of events, Lickitung's attacks give Psyduck a headache, triggering its potent psychic powers!	
Lickitung	pokemon	56	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	43	 Misty's team of four consists of Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Vulpix, and her Starmie.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	35	 Lickitung easily defeats Pikachu, Bulbasaur, and Vulpix with its tongue movements!	
Fiorella	person	54	 The other prize is a picture with a movie star named Fiorella Cappuccino, but they don't show interest in that.	
Pikachu	pokemon	94	 The narrator explains this over Misty going on a shopping spree, making Ash, Brock, and even Pikachu carry her purchases.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 Misty's team of four consists of Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Vulpix, and her Starmie.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu makes quick work of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 Lickitung easily defeats Pikachu, Bulbasaur, and Vulpix with its tongue movements!	
Weezing	pokemon	53	 During this scene, Jessie's team consists of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Weezing	pokemon	36	 Pikachu makes quick work of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Weezing	pokemon	43	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Psyduck	pokemon	113	 Then, when Misty tries to send out Staryu (because earlier, she said she planned on using her Starmie), but her Psyduck pops out instead!	
Psyduck	pokemon	63	 But in an unexpected turn of events, Lickitung's attacks give Psyduck a headache, triggering its potent psychic powers!	
Psyduck	pokemon	32	 Misty then wins the match with Psyduck's Confusion, while blasting off Team Rocket in the process!	
Starmie	pokemon	70	 Misty's team of four consists of Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Vulpix, and her Starmie.	
Starmie	pokemon	95	 Then, when Misty tries to send out Staryu (because earlier, she said she planned on using her Starmie), but her Psyduck pops out instead!	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 Jessie and Misty decide to enter, fueled by their desire for the prize; Pokémon Princess Dolls.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 The announcer then brings everyone's attention to the prize, a one of a kind set of Pokémon Princess Dolls.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	 it's also a Pokémon battle competition!	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 The contestants are split into divisions, and they must use four Pokémon to battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	Misty then begs Ash and Brock to let her use their Pokémon for the contest.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 So she has always wanted a Pokémon doll set of her own.	
Pokémon	pokemon	122	 She talks about being a little girl, she used to hate the Princess Festivals because, like Misty, of how she never had a Pokémon Princess Doll of her own, while all the other little girls did.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 Jessie was moved to tears, and pretended to be a Pokémon doll along with them.	
Jessie	person	34	The episode begins with Misty and Jessie getting excited about The Princess Festival, a holiday with events, shopping sales and discounts, festivals, and games that are exclusively for women.	
Jessie	person	35	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Jessie	person	127	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie then drags James and Meowth with her to do more shopping, where she encounters Misty.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and Misty decide to enter, fueled by their desire for the prize; Pokémon Princess Dolls.	
Jessie	person	140	The next scene is the competition, where we see Fiorello, an announcer, and a line of pretty girls dressed in kimonos on a stage, including Jessie and Misty!	
Jessie	person	41	The next scene is a montage of Misty and Jessie winning several matches.	
Jessie	person	20	 During this scene, Jessie's team consists of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	11	 Misty and Jessie then face off in the finals, but not until after Jessie has a sad flashback.	
Jessie	person	67	 Misty and Jessie then face off in the finals, but not until after Jessie has a sad flashback.	
Jessie	person	40	 When they're done with this, Misty and Jessie proceed with the match.	
Jessie	person	11	 At first, Jessie and James lose hope that she will win the contest, but then Meowth reminds her that she caught a Lickitung earlier, and the battle continues!	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie was moved to tears, and pretended to be a Pokémon doll along with them.	
Meowth	pokemon	29	 Jessie then drags James and Meowth with her to do more shopping, where she encounters Misty.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	 During this scene, Jessie's team consists of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	61	 The story brings the emotional trio to tears, and James and Meowth give her support.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 Pikachu makes quick work of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	78	 At first, Jessie and James lose hope that she will win the contest, but then Meowth reminds her that she caught a Lickitung earlier, and the battle continues!	
Meowth	pokemon	28	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
O-Hina	settlement	99	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Vulpix	pokemon	54	 Misty's team of four consists of Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Vulpix, and her Starmie.	
Vulpix	pokemon	50	 Lickitung easily defeats Pikachu, Bulbasaur, and Vulpix with its tongue movements!	
Staryu	pokemon	36	 Then, when Misty tries to send out Staryu (because earlier, she said she planned on using her Starmie), but her Psyduck pops out instead!	
Brock	person	78	 The narrator explains this over Misty going on a shopping spree, making Ash, Brock, and even Pikachu carry her purchases.	
Brock	person	24	Misty then begs Ash and Brock to let her use their Pokémon for the contest.	
James	person	19	 Jessie then drags James and Meowth with her to do more shopping, where she encounters Misty.	
James	person	51	 The story brings the emotional trio to tears, and James and Meowth give her support.	
James	person	22	 At first, Jessie and James lose hope that she will win the contest, but then Meowth reminds her that she caught a Lickitung earlier, and the battle continues!	
James	person	21	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Misty	person	24	The episode begins with Misty and Jessie getting excited about The Princess Festival, a holiday with events, shopping sales and discounts, festivals, and games that are exclusively for women.	
Misty	person	33	 The narrator explains this over Misty going on a shopping spree, making Ash, Brock, and even Pikachu carry her purchases.	
Misty	person	25	 After the title screen, Misty and Jessie are shown enjoying the perks of the Princess Festival in O-Hina Town, which leads to Jessie catching a Lickitung.	
Misty	person	87	 Jessie then drags James and Meowth with her to do more shopping, where she encounters Misty.	
Misty	person	12	 Jessie and Misty decide to enter, fueled by their desire for the prize; Pokémon Princess Dolls.	
Misty	person	151	The next scene is the competition, where we see Fiorello, an announcer, and a line of pretty girls dressed in kimonos on a stage, including Jessie and Misty!	
Misty	person	85	 The contestants are split into divisions, and they must use four Pokémon to battle.Misty then begs Ash and Brock to let her use their Pokémon for the contest.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty's team of four consists of Pikachu, Bulbasaur, Vulpix, and her Starmie.	
Misty	person	32	 Then, Ash gets confused to why Misty wants to meet Fiorello, thinking Misty wants to win the contest to meet him.	
Misty	person	71	 Then, Ash gets confused to why Misty wants to meet Fiorello, thinking Misty wants to win the contest to meet him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty explains that she just wants the dolls, because her sisters all had their own dolls sets, but she only got their hand-me-down dolls, which were broken by the time she got them.	
Misty	person	31	The next scene is a montage of Misty and Jessie winning several matches.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Jessie then face off in the finals, but not until after Jessie has a sad flashback.	
Misty	person	92	 She talks about being a little girl, she used to hate the Princess Festivals because, like Misty, of how she never had a Pokémon Princess Doll of her own, while all the other little girls did.	
Misty	person	30	 When they're done with this, Misty and Jessie proceed with the match.	
Misty	person	12	 Then, when Misty tries to send out Staryu (because earlier, she said she planned on using her Starmie), but her Psyduck pops out instead!	
Misty	person	11	 At first, Misty is in despair, thinking that she can never win now!	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then wins the match with Psyduck's Confusion, while blasting off Team Rocket in the process!	
Misty	person	12	In the end, Misty sends the dolls to the Cerulean Gym to make her sisters jealous.	
Arbok	pokemon	46	 During this scene, Jessie's team consists of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Arbok	pokemon	29	 Pikachu makes quick work of Arbok, Weezing, and Meowth.	
Arbok	pokemon	36	 As for Team Rocket, James, Meowth, Arbok, Weezing, and Lickitung dressed up as Pokémon dolls to make her feel better.	
Gym	building	50	In the end, Misty sends the dolls to the Cerulean Gym to make her sisters jealous.	
Ash	person	73	 The narrator explains this over Misty going on a shopping spree, making Ash, Brock, and even Pikachu carry her purchases.	
Ash	person	16	Misty then begs Ash and Brock to let her use their Pokémon for the contest.	
Ash	person	7	 Then, Ash gets confused to why Misty wants to meet Fiorello, thinking Misty wants to win the contest to meet him.	
