Pokémon Trainer	person	40	 Timmy proclaims he's going to become a Pokémon Trainer as well, hinting that the wild Meowth is now his.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket reminisces about Kids Day.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 She agrees and Team Rocket sets up.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket reveals themselves, but are attacked by the overly excited children.	
Team Rocket	group	94	 They begin to bounce around Weezing before the teacher yells at them to quiet down and leave Team Rocket alone.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket picks up the box and rushes off to escape.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket rejoices over their capture and opens the box, hoping to pull out Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Meowth is able to make it back to Team Rocket, but he is followed by everyone.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket recites their motto once more and challenges Ash to a battle.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is running atop a second boulder, disappearing from sight while chasing their Meowth, unable to stop rolling.	
SmokeScreen	move	59	 Getting back down to business, James tells Weezing to use SmokeScreen which is able to blind the gang.	
Fury Swipes	move	39	 Meowth jumps in front of him and uses Fury Swipes to knock Jessie and James down.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	15	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	49	Weezing uses Smog, which is easily blown away by Pidgeotto's Gust, along with Weezing itself.	
Kids Day	event	77	 They come across a few Pokémon banners and immediately recognize that it's Kids Day.	
Kids Day	event	40	Meanwhile, Team Rocket reminisces about Kids Day.	
Kids Day	event	26	 James always had a great Kids Day, whereas Jessie did not.	
Beedrill	pokemon	73	 He further explains that this is due to a wild Meowth saving him from a Beedrill.	
Beedrill	pokemon	72	 He runs over to Meowth, thanking him for saving his life from the wild Beedrill.	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	 The children rush over to play with Pikachu, who has to be taken away by Ash before he electrocutes the children.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is swept up by James who places him into the box.	
Pikachu	pokemon	75	The trio try to make their getaway, but are stopped by Ash who demands his Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	 This also knocks Pikachu out of the box, unbeknownst to everyone else.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 Ash worriedly calls out to Pikachu, but Pikachu is safe and sound inside the school.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Ash worriedly calls out to Pikachu, but Pikachu is safe and sound inside the school.	
Pikachu	pokemon	89	Meanwhile, Team Rocket rejoices over their capture and opens the box, hoping to pull out Pikachu.	
Weezing	pokemon	29	 They begin to bounce around Weezing before the teacher yells at them to quiet down and leave Team Rocket alone.	
Weezing	pokemon	44	 Getting back down to business, James tells Weezing to use SmokeScreen which is able to blind the gang.	
Weezing	pokemon	50	 Jessie sends out Arbok while James sends out his Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	59	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.Weezing uses Smog, which is easily blown away by Pidgeotto's Gust, along with Weezing itself.	
Weezing	pokemon	137	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.Weezing uses Smog, which is easily blown away by Pidgeotto's Gust, along with Weezing itself.	
Trainer	person	49	 Timmy proclaims he's going to become a Pokémon Trainer as well, hinting that the wild Meowth is now his.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	 They come across a few Pokémon banners and immediately recognize that it's Kids Day.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	 Suddenly, someone mistakes the trio for the Pokémon Trainers they've been looking for.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 Once she receives a phone call, she realizes that Ash and company are not the Pokémon Trainers she was searching for.	
Pokémon	pokemon	164	 However, after hearing how she wanted to do something special for the children she teaches at the pre-school, the trio decides to let the children play with their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Misty and Brock also let out their Pokémon, who all begin playing with the kids.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 This child, Timmy has no interest in playing with any Pokémon besides Meowth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Meowth is about to tell him he has the wrong Pokémon, but Jessie and James convince Meowth to go along with the kid to avoid crushing his feelings.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Timmy proclaims he's going to become a Pokémon Trainer as well, hinting that the wild Meowth is now his.	
Jessie	person	44	 James always had a great Kids Day, whereas Jessie did not.	
Jessie	person	52	Suddenly, a bright van pulls up to the school where Jessie, disguised a magician, convinces the teacher to let her, James, and Meowth do a magic show for the children.	
Jessie	person	6	 Both Jessie and James chant before tapping the box with a wand.	
Jessie	person	60	 Meowth is about to tell him he has the wrong Pokémon, but Jessie and James convince Meowth to go along with the kid to avoid crushing his feelings.	
Jessie	person	19	Putting on an act, Jessie and James behave like they want to do harm to Timmy.	
Jessie	person	60	 Meowth jumps in front of him and uses Fury Swipes to knock Jessie and James down.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie sends out Arbok while James sends out his Weezing.	
Meowth	pokemon	72	 This child, Timmy has no interest in playing with any Pokémon besides Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	48	 He further explains that this is due to a wild Meowth saving him from a Beedrill.	
Meowth	pokemon	127	Suddenly, a bright van pulls up to the school where Jessie, disguised a magician, convinces the teacher to let her, James, and Meowth do a magic show for the children.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth flies from the box and completes the trick, much to the kids' enjoyment.	
Meowth	pokemon	19	Timmy, upon seeing Meowth's distress, rushes over to help, but knocks down the box Meowth was standing on.	
Meowth	pokemon	83	Timmy, upon seeing Meowth's distress, rushes over to help, but knocks down the box Meowth was standing on.	
Meowth	pokemon	19	 Then Misty does a Meowth impression.	
Meowth	pokemon	29	 The tears stop when he sees Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 He runs over to Meowth, thanking him for saving his life from the wild Beedrill.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is about to tell him he has the wrong Pokémon, but Jessie and James convince Meowth to go along with the kid to avoid crushing his feelings.	
Meowth	pokemon	86	 Meowth is about to tell him he has the wrong Pokémon, but Jessie and James convince Meowth to go along with the kid to avoid crushing his feelings.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth jumps in front of him and uses Fury Swipes to knock Jessie and James down.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth grabs Timmy's hand and makes a run for it.	
Meowth	pokemon	18	 The children see Meowth and apologize for not believing Timmy's story in the first place and Timmy accepts their apologies and allows them to play with Meowth, who relishes in the attention.Meowth accidentally lets some human speech slip from his mouth, getting Misty to call him out.	
Meowth	pokemon	153	 The children see Meowth and apologize for not believing Timmy's story in the first place and Timmy accepts their apologies and allows them to play with Meowth, who relishes in the attention.Meowth accidentally lets some human speech slip from his mouth, getting Misty to call him out.	
Meowth	pokemon	191	 The children see Meowth and apologize for not believing Timmy's story in the first place and Timmy accepts their apologies and allows them to play with Meowth, who relishes in the attention.Meowth accidentally lets some human speech slip from his mouth, getting Misty to call him out.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 Timmy chases after Meowth, followed by everyone else.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is able to make it back to Team Rocket, but he is followed by everyone.	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 However, a wild Meowth comes out of nowhere, kicking the boulder in two and saving their lives.	
Meowth	pokemon	35	 Timmy immediately recognizes this Meowth as the one that had saved him before.	
Meowth	pokemon	101	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is running atop a second boulder, disappearing from sight while chasing their Meowth, unable to stop rolling.	
Meowth	pokemon	88	 Timmy proclaims he's going to become a Pokémon Trainer as well, hinting that the wild Meowth is now his.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock also let out their Pokémon, who all begin playing with the kids.	
Brock	person	33	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.	
James	person	1	 James always had a great Kids Day, whereas Jessie did not.	
James	person	116	Suddenly, a bright van pulls up to the school where Jessie, disguised a magician, convinces the teacher to let her, James, and Meowth do a magic show for the children.	
James	person	24	 Pikachu is swept up by James who places him into the box.	
James	person	17	 Both Jessie and James chant before tapping the box with a wand.	
James	person	32	 Getting back down to business, James tells Weezing to use SmokeScreen which is able to blind the gang.	
James	person	71	 Meowth is about to tell him he has the wrong Pokémon, but Jessie and James convince Meowth to go along with the kid to avoid crushing his feelings.	
James	person	30	Putting on an act, Jessie and James behave like they want to do harm to Timmy.	
James	person	71	 Meowth jumps in front of him and uses Fury Swipes to knock Jessie and James down.	
James	person	30	 Jessie sends out Arbok while James sends out his Weezing.	
Timmy	person	13	 This child, Timmy has no interest in playing with any Pokémon besides Meowth.	
Timmy	person	103	 Getting back down to business, James tells Weezing to use SmokeScreen which is able to blind the gang.Timmy, upon seeing Meowth's distress, rushes over to help, but knocks down the box Meowth was standing on.	
Timmy	person	32	 However, the teacher says that Timmy has gone missing.	
Timmy	person	20	 Instead, they pull Timmy from the box, who proceeds to cry.	
Timmy	person	72	Putting on an act, Jessie and James behave like they want to do harm to Timmy.	
Timmy	person	14	 Meowth grabs Timmy's hand and makes a run for it.	
Timmy	person	57	 The children see Meowth and apologize for not believing Timmy's story in the first place and Timmy accepts their apologies and allows them to play with Meowth, who relishes in the attention.	
Timmy	person	94	 The children see Meowth and apologize for not believing Timmy's story in the first place and Timmy accepts their apologies and allows them to play with Meowth, who relishes in the attention.	
Timmy	person	62	 In desperation, he makes a run for it, much to the dismay of Timmy and his classmates.	
Timmy	person	1	 Timmy chases after Meowth, followed by everyone else.	
Timmy	person	58	 Everyone is able to escape with the exception of Ash and Timmy.	
Timmy	person	1	 Timmy immediately recognizes this Meowth as the one that had saved him before.	
Timmy	person	1	 Timmy proclaims he's going to become a Pokémon Trainer as well, hinting that the wild Meowth is now his.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock also let out their Pokémon, who all begin playing with the kids.	
Misty	person	6	 Then Misty does a Meowth impression.	
Misty	person	72	Meowth accidentally lets some human speech slip from his mouth, getting Misty to call him out.	
Arbok	pokemon	18	 Jessie sends out Arbok while James sends out his Weezing.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok, however, escapes by using Dig.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok pops up in front of the gang, but was tackled by Onix.	
Arbok	pokemon	50	 This tackle causes part of the rock on the cliff Arbok slammed into to crumble and roll.	
Onix	pokemon	54	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	56	 Arbok pops up in front of the gang, but was tackled by Onix.	
Gust	move	61	Weezing uses Smog, which is easily blown away by Pidgeotto's Gust, along with Weezing itself.	
Smog	move	13	Weezing uses Smog, which is easily blown away by Pidgeotto's Gust, along with Weezing itself.	
Dig	move	34	 Arbok, however, escapes by using Dig.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash and his friends walking along a dirt path.	
Ash	person	51	 Once she receives a phone call, she realizes that Ash and company are not the Pokémon Trainers she was searching for.	
Ash	person	25	The episode goes back to Ash and his friends inside the school.	
Ash	person	74	 The children rush over to play with Pikachu, who has to be taken away by Ash before he electrocutes the children.	
Ash	person	55	The trio try to make their getaway, but are stopped by Ash who demands his Pikachu back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash worriedly calls out to Pikachu, but Pikachu is safe and sound inside the school.	
Ash	person	58	 Team Rocket recites their motto once more and challenges Ash to a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls his Pidgeotto out and Brock helps by using Onix.	
Ash	person	50	 Everyone is able to escape with the exception of Ash and Timmy.	
Ash	person	44	Once back at the school, the teacher thanks Ash and his friends for all their help.	
