Cinnabar Island	settlement	66	Ash, Misty, and Brock are traveling through the forest heading to Cinnabar Island when they hear Officer Jenny's voice calling after a thief.	
Officer Jenny	person	97	Ash, Misty, and Brock are traveling through the forest heading to Cinnabar Island when they hear Officer Jenny's voice calling after a thief.	
Officer Jenny	person	27	 Once again the trio hears Officer Jenny's voice, this time ordering a Growlithe to attack the thief which it does knocking him down and sending the gun flying from his grasp.	
Officer Jenny	person	88	However the Growlithe then turn on Ash and his friends, surrounding them in a circle as Officer Jenny and two other policemen rush to the thief's side.	
Officer Jenny	person	22	 Confronting the trio Officer Jenny reveals that the "thief" was in fact a police officer helping to train the canine police unit.	
Officer Jenny	person	33	 Realizing their honest mistake, Officer Jenny calls off the Growlithe squad lining them up and introducing the trio to them as "new friends".	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny backs them saying that to attack an armed opponent is very dangerous unless the Pokémon has special training.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny agrees to let Pikachu participate in the training class they will be running tomorrow.	
Officer Jenny	person	126	The morning is heralded by a crowing Dodrio as Ash and his friends sleep in their bunks; however, their sleep is cut short by Officer Jenny's sudden whistle as she wakes Ash up for their training.	
Officer Jenny	person	29	 Ash goes back to sleep, and Officer Jenny blows her whistle again, this time waking up Misty and Togepi as well.	
Officer Jenny	person	27	 Next is a high wall which Officer Jenny and Growlithe scale easily, but which Ash fails to get over, falling backward on top of Pikachu, resulting in another shock for Ash.	
Officer Jenny	person	4	 As Officer Jenny tries to order the Growlithe to arrest Team Rocket, she finds that they won't respond to her voice, no longer recognizing it in its altered state.	
Officer Jenny	person	121	Quickly changing costumes, Team Rocket puts on police uniforms and uses megaphone voice changers in order to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice.	
Officer Jenny	person	97	 The Growlithe, unable to smell, immediately trust Team Rocket and follow their orders to arrest Officer Jenny, tying her up with rope.	
Officer Jenny	person	6	 With Officer Jenny subdued, the team begins ordering the Growlithe into the van, as the trio attempts to stop them.	
Officer Jenny	person	21	 Jessie, still using Officer Jenny's voice, orders the Growlithe to surround Ash and his friends.	
Officer Jenny	person	81	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Officer Jenny	person	25	 During this distraction Officer Jenny was able to work herself free from the ropes, and attempts to regain control of the canine squad.	
Officer Jenny	person	30	 Jessie orders them to attack Officer Jenny, and a Growlithe bites her hand but then remembers Officer Jenny and the memories it had with her- Jenny holding it as a puppy, training and playing with it, taking care of it when it was sick.	
Officer Jenny	person	95	 Jessie orders them to attack Officer Jenny, and a Growlithe bites her hand but then remembers Officer Jenny and the memories it had with her- Jenny holding it as a puppy, training and playing with it, taking care of it when it was sick.	
Officer Jenny	person	24	As they say farewell to Officer Jenny, Ash realizes that Pikachu doesn't have to train with the canine squad to be the perfect Pokémon.	
Officer Jenny	person	61	 Brock uses Team Rocket's abandoned megaphone to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice saying she loves him, to the embarrassment of Ash and Misty and the amusement of Jenny herself.	
ThunderShock	move	130	 The thief now safely disarmed, Pikachu has no cause to fear, and Ash quickly orders Pikachu to attack, shocking the thief with a ThunderShock.	
ThunderShock	move	186	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is watching from a nearby tree, commenting that the boss would love it if they captured police trained Pokémon, and James announces he has come up with the perfect plan to steal the Growlithe.	
Team Rocket	group	113	 This discussion is interrupted as a van painted to resemble a Growlithe breaks through the wall of the compound.Team Rocket emerges from the van and, as the dust from their entry clears, says their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 Naturally the van is quickly surrounded by Growlithe as Team Rocket reveals their plan to use the Growlithe to commit crimes.	
Team Rocket	group	9	 Quickly Team Rocket dons gas masks and begins to spray gas from a bottle marked with a picture of Gloom causing the Growlithe's sense of smell to be disabled.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 As Officer Jenny tries to order the Growlithe to arrest Team Rocket, she finds that they won't respond to her voice, no longer recognizing it in its altered state.	
Team Rocket	group	27	Quickly changing costumes, Team Rocket puts on police uniforms and uses megaphone voice changers in order to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice.	
Team Rocket	group	51	 The Growlithe, unable to smell, immediately trust Team Rocket and follow their orders to arrest Officer Jenny, tying her up with rope.	
Team Rocket	group	62	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Team Rocket	group	58	 Recognizing at last the deception, the Growlithe turn on Team Rocket, who in desperation begin changing their voices.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Brock uses Team Rocket's abandoned megaphone to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice saying she loves him, to the embarrassment of Ash and Misty and the amusement of Jenny herself.	
Team Rocket	group	30	As they leave, Brock, feeling Team Rocket's megaphone is useless, abandons it only for Jigglypuff to find it.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	15	At this point, Jigglypuff enters, abruptly leaving after only singing a few notes, insufficient to put anyone to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	87	As they leave, Brock, feeling Team Rocket's megaphone is useless, abandons it only for Jigglypuff to find it.	
Growlithe	pokemon	71	 Once again the trio hears Officer Jenny's voice, this time ordering a Growlithe to attack the thief which it does knocking him down and sending the gun flying from his grasp.	
Growlithe	pokemon	12	However the Growlithe then turn on Ash and his friends, surrounding them in a circle as Officer Jenny and two other policemen rush to the thief's side.	
Growlithe	pokemon	61	 Realizing their honest mistake, Officer Jenny calls off the Growlithe squad lining them up and introducing the trio to them as "new friends".	
Growlithe	pokemon	206	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is watching from a nearby tree, commenting that the boss would love it if they captured police trained Pokémon, and James announces he has come up with the perfect plan to steal the Growlithe.	
Growlithe	pokemon	80	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Growlithe	pokemon	66	 Ash expresses interest in training Pikachu along with the police Growlithe in order to improve his battling abilities.	
Growlithe	pokemon	45	 Next is a high wall which Officer Jenny and Growlithe scale easily, but which Ash fails to get over, falling backward on top of Pikachu, resulting in another shock for Ash.	
Growlithe	pokemon	50	 When Ash asks if Pikachu wants to be as tough as Growlithe he bows his head, exhausted from their training.	
Growlithe	pokemon	63	 This discussion is interrupted as a van painted to resemble a Growlithe breaks through the wall of the compound.	
Growlithe	pokemon	44	 Naturally the van is quickly surrounded by Growlithe as Team Rocket reveals their plan to use the Growlithe to commit crimes.	
Growlithe	pokemon	99	 Naturally the van is quickly surrounded by Growlithe as Team Rocket reveals their plan to use the Growlithe to commit crimes.	
Growlithe	pokemon	117	 Quickly Team Rocket dons gas masks and begins to spray gas from a bottle marked with a picture of Gloom causing the Growlithe's sense of smell to be disabled.	
Growlithe	pokemon	37	 As Officer Jenny tries to order the Growlithe to arrest Team Rocket, she finds that they won't respond to her voice, no longer recognizing it in its altered state.	
Growlithe	pokemon	5	 The Growlithe, unable to smell, immediately trust Team Rocket and follow their orders to arrest Officer Jenny, tying her up with rope.	
Growlithe	pokemon	58	 With Officer Jenny subdued, the team begins ordering the Growlithe into the van, as the trio attempts to stop them.	
Growlithe	pokemon	55	 Jessie, still using Officer Jenny's voice, orders the Growlithe to surround Ash and his friends.	
Growlithe	pokemon	29	 However, Pikachu scares the Growlithe back with an electric attack.	
Growlithe	pokemon	137	Jessie quickly changes her costume to resemble Ash, switches her megaphone to mimic Ash's voice and orders Pikachu into the van with the Growlithe.	
Growlithe	pokemon	125	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Growlithe	pokemon	213	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Growlithe	pokemon	91	 However, the effort of the attack leaves Pikachu dizzy and unable to defeat the remaining Growlithe.	
Growlithe	pokemon	51	 Jessie orders them to attack Officer Jenny, and a Growlithe bites her hand but then remembers Officer Jenny and the memories it had with her- Jenny holding it as a puppy, training and playing with it, taking care of it when it was sick.	
Growlithe	pokemon	40	 Recognizing at last the deception, the Growlithe turn on Team Rocket, who in desperation begin changing their voices.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thief but seeing the gun in the man's hand Pikachu hides and refuses to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thief but seeing the gun in the man's hand Pikachu hides and refuses to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 The thief now safely disarmed, Pikachu has no cause to fear, and Ash quickly orders Pikachu to attack, shocking the thief with a ThunderShock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 The thief now safely disarmed, Pikachu has no cause to fear, and Ash quickly orders Pikachu to attack, shocking the thief with a ThunderShock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	155	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Pikachu	pokemon	211	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash expresses interest in training Pikachu along with the police Growlithe in order to improve his battling abilities.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Officer Jenny agrees to let Pikachu participate in the training class they will be running tomorrow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Seeing it about to fall off, Pikachu rushed to save it, but instead it was Pikachu that overbalanced and fell off the edge of the table.	
Pikachu	pokemon	76	 Seeing it about to fall off, Pikachu rushed to save it, but instead it was Pikachu that overbalanced and fell off the edge of the table.	
Pikachu	pokemon	118	 The first obstacle is a wire net under which the runners must crawl, leading to problems as, despite his small size, Pikachu's tail gets caught in the wire, shocking Ash as he attempts to use his electricity to free himself.	
Pikachu	pokemon	129	 Next is a high wall which Officer Jenny and Growlithe scale easily, but which Ash fails to get over, falling backward on top of Pikachu, resulting in another shock for Ash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	83	After the test, Brock questions the wisdom of the training program, believing that Pikachu is already very powerful.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	 When Ash asks if Pikachu wants to be as tough as Growlithe he bows his head, exhausted from their training.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 However, Pikachu scares the Growlithe back with an electric attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	107	Jessie quickly changes her costume to resemble Ash, switches her megaphone to mimic Ash's voice and orders Pikachu into the van with the Growlithe.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu's ears prick up at the sound of Ash's voice, but after a moment of confusion, he returns to Ash's side, recognizing what is in each other's hearts.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	150	 Realizing that they can't capture Pikachu using fake voices, Team Rocket, using Officer Jenny's voice once more, orders the Growlithe to attack, but Pikachu leaps into the air and uses ThunderShock to defeat the Growlithe sent to attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 However, the effort of the attack leaves Pikachu dizzy and unable to defeat the remaining Growlithe.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	As they say farewell to Officer Jenny, Ash realizes that Pikachu doesn't have to train with the canine squad to be the perfect Pokémon.	
Psyduck	pokemon	52	 Selecting a second canister, this time marked with Psyduck, they once again spray the gas around the compound.	
Trainer	person	132	 Later that morning, the training begins with an obstacle course that, as Ash is surprised to learn, is to be completed by both the Trainer and their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	126	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is watching from a nearby tree, commenting that the boss would love it if they captured police trained Pokémon, and James announces he has come up with the perfect plan to steal the Growlithe.	
Pokémon	pokemon	95	 Officer Jenny backs them saying that to attack an armed opponent is very dangerous unless the Pokémon has special training.	
Pokémon	pokemon	150	 Later that morning, the training begins with an obstacle course that, as Ash is surprised to learn, is to be completed by both the Trainer and their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	127	As they say farewell to Officer Jenny, Ash realizes that Pikachu doesn't have to train with the canine squad to be the perfect Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie, still using Officer Jenny's voice, orders the Growlithe to surround Ash and his friends.	
Jessie	person	68	 However, Pikachu scares the Growlithe back with an electric attack.Jessie quickly changes her costume to resemble Ash, switches her megaphone to mimic Ash's voice and orders Pikachu into the van with the Growlithe.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie orders them to attack Officer Jenny, and a Growlithe bites her hand but then remembers Officer Jenny and the memories it had with her- Jenny holding it as a puppy, training and playing with it, taking care of it when it was sick.	
Jessie	person	80	 Meowth, seeing that their plan is foiled, drives the van out of the yard, with Jessie and James following behind.	
Meowth	pokemon	47	 However they only get each other's voices and Meowth's.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, seeing that their plan is foiled, drives the van out of the yard, with Jessie and James following behind.	
Dodrio	pokemon	37	The morning is heralded by a crowing Dodrio as Ash and his friends sleep in their bunks; however, their sleep is cut short by Officer Jenny's sudden whistle as she wakes Ash up for their training.	
Togepi	pokemon	26	 During this conversation Togepi wandered off after a piece of food that rolled to the edge of the table.	
Togepi	pokemon	98	 Ash goes back to sleep, and Officer Jenny blows her whistle again, this time waking up Misty and Togepi as well.	
Gloom	pokemon	99	 Quickly Team Rocket dons gas masks and begins to spray gas from a bottle marked with a picture of Gloom causing the Growlithe's sense of smell to be disabled.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are traveling through the forest heading to Cinnabar Island when they hear Officer Jenny's voice calling after a thief.	
Brock	person	35	Later that evening, Ash, Misty and Brock are sitting down to a hearty meal at the training facility.	
Brock	person	172	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Brock	person	16	After the test, Brock questions the wisdom of the training program, believing that Pikachu is already very powerful.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock questions why they would even attempt breaking into a police facility, as doing so is like asking to be arrested.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock uses Team Rocket's abandoned megaphone to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice saying she loves him, to the embarrassment of Ash and Misty and the amusement of Jenny herself.	
Brock	person	15	As they leave, Brock, feeling Team Rocket's megaphone is useless, abandons it only for Jigglypuff to find it.	
James	person	140	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is watching from a nearby tree, commenting that the boss would love it if they captured police trained Pokémon, and James announces he has come up with the perfect plan to steal the Growlithe.	
James	person	91	 Meowth, seeing that their plan is foiled, drives the van out of the yard, with Jessie and James following behind.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are traveling through the forest heading to Cinnabar Island when they hear Officer Jenny's voice calling after a thief.	
Misty	person	25	Later that evening, Ash, Misty and Brock are sitting down to a hearty meal at the training facility.	
Misty	person	182	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Misty	person	88	 Ash goes back to sleep, and Officer Jenny blows her whistle again, this time waking up Misty and Togepi as well.	
Misty	person	137	 Brock uses Team Rocket's abandoned megaphone to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice saying she loves him, to the embarrassment of Ash and Misty and the amusement of Jenny herself.	
Poké	item	74	 Their attempts to fight back are foiled by the fact that they left their Poké Balls back in their room.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack the thief but seeing the gun in the man's hand Pikachu hides and refuses to attack.	
Ash	person	66	 The thief now safely disarmed, Pikachu has no cause to fear, and Ash quickly orders Pikachu to attack, shocking the thief with a ThunderShock.	
Ash	person	35	However the Growlithe then turn on Ash and his friends, surrounding them in a circle as Officer Jenny and two other policemen rush to the thief's side.	
Ash	person	20	Later that evening, Ash, Misty and Brock are sitting down to a hearty meal at the training facility.	
Ash	person	59	 As the conversation turns to discussing the day's events, Ash remarks that the Growlithe tasked with bringing down the thief-impersonator was braver than Pikachu, however Brock and Misty quickly point out that Pikachu could have been very badly hurt by a gun-wielding opponent.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash expresses interest in training Pikachu along with the police Growlithe in order to improve his battling abilities.	
Ash	person	47	The morning is heralded by a crowing Dodrio as Ash and his friends sleep in their bunks; however, their sleep is cut short by Officer Jenny's sudden whistle as she wakes Ash up for their training.	
Ash	person	170	The morning is heralded by a crowing Dodrio as Ash and his friends sleep in their bunks; however, their sleep is cut short by Officer Jenny's sudden whistle as she wakes Ash up for their training.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tiredly looks at a clock and finds out that it's four o'clock in the morning.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash goes back to sleep, and Officer Jenny blows her whistle again, this time waking up Misty and Togepi as well.	
Ash	person	74	 Later that morning, the training begins with an obstacle course that, as Ash is surprised to learn, is to be completed by both the Trainer and their Pokémon.	
Ash	person	167	 The first obstacle is a wire net under which the runners must crawl, leading to problems as, despite his small size, Pikachu's tail gets caught in the wire, shocking Ash as he attempts to use his electricity to free himself.	
Ash	person	79	 Next is a high wall which Officer Jenny and Growlithe scale easily, but which Ash fails to get over, falling backward on top of Pikachu, resulting in another shock for Ash.	
Ash	person	169	 Next is a high wall which Officer Jenny and Growlithe scale easily, but which Ash fails to get over, falling backward on top of Pikachu, resulting in another shock for Ash.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash asks if Pikachu wants to be as tough as Growlithe he bows his head, exhausted from their training.	
Ash	person	77	 Jessie, still using Officer Jenny's voice, orders the Growlithe to surround Ash and his friends.	
Ash	person	47	Jessie quickly changes her costume to resemble Ash, switches her megaphone to mimic Ash's voice and orders Pikachu into the van with the Growlithe.	
Ash	person	84	Jessie quickly changes her costume to resemble Ash, switches her megaphone to mimic Ash's voice and orders Pikachu into the van with the Growlithe.	
Ash	person	41	 Pikachu's ears prick up at the sound of Ash's voice, but after a moment of confusion, he returns to Ash's side, recognizing what is in each other's hearts.	
Ash	person	101	 Pikachu's ears prick up at the sound of Ash's voice, but after a moment of confusion, he returns to Ash's side, recognizing what is in each other's hearts.	
Ash	person	39	As they say farewell to Officer Jenny, Ash realizes that Pikachu doesn't have to train with the canine squad to be the perfect Pokémon.	
Ash	person	129	 Brock uses Team Rocket's abandoned megaphone to impersonate Officer Jenny's voice saying she loves him, to the embarrassment of Ash and Misty and the amusement of Jenny herself.	
