Team Rocket	group	25	 A flashback is shown of Team Rocket dressed as seniors begging Todd to "capture" Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	19	After Todd leaves, Team Rocket is shown eating.	
Team Rocket	group	84	 Twice, Todd tries to take Pikachu's picture, but he hides behind Ash before he can.Team Rocket is shown digging a pitfall trap.	
Team Rocket	group	40	" As they walk, however, they fall into Team Rocket's pitfall trap.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket sees this and realizes that he is a photographer.	
Team Rocket	group	84	 Ash grabs onto the strap and realizes that Todd sacrificed his camera to save them.Team Rocket appears and says their motto before taking off their disguises.	
Team Rocket	group	67	 Ash takes Todd's camera off the tripod and acts like he is taking Team Rocket's picture.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip and chases Team Rocket into the water, then they fall off the waterfall.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	49	 He shows them a magazine with his picture of an Aerodactyl in it.	
Aerodactyl	pokemon	5	 The Aerodactyl seemed to be carrying Ash in its claws!	
Razor Leaf	move	107	 Ash pulls himself up the rest of the way with Todd's tripod, then sends out Bulbasaur and tells it to use Razor Leaf.	
Vine Whip	move	16	 Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip and chases Team Rocket into the water, then they fall off the waterfall.	
Water Gun	move	46	Ash sends out Squirtle and commands it to use Water Gun at the bushes where he saw the "gun.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	77	 Ash pulls himself up the rest of the way with Todd's tripod, then sends out Bulbasaur and tells it to use Razor Leaf.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip and chases Team Rocket into the water, then they fall off the waterfall.	
Squirtle	pokemon	14	Ash sends out Squirtle and commands it to use Water Gun at the bushes where he saw the "gun.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 However, Ash notices what he thinks is a gun pointing at Pikachu, and knocks his friends out of the way.	
Pikachu	pokemon	60	 The rice balls are knocked into the river, angering Brock, Pikachu, and Misty, and making Togepi cry.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 Todd explains that he is a Pokémon photographer and didn't want his picture of Pikachu to look posed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	As the group is eating their pancakes, Todd tries to get a picture of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 However, as he is taking the picture, Pikachu accidentally zaps Todd.	
Pikachu	pokemon	72	" He shows them pictures he took of various Pokémon to prove his point.Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Pikachu	pokemon	59	 However, Todd says that he only wants to take pictures of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	82	 A flashback is shown of Team Rocket dressed as seniors begging Todd to "capture" Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 Todd agrees; however, they didn't realize that Todd plans to capture Pikachu on film.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	Misty and Brock are shown resting under a tree as Ash and Pikachu wash their faces in a pond.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 Twice, Todd tries to take Pikachu's picture, but he hides behind Ash before he can.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 Todd tells them that he hasn't taken Pikachu yet, and James almost tells him about the pitfall, but Jessie and Meowth stop him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 He sees Pikachu peeking out of Ash's backpack and gets ready to take his picture.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Todd finally gets Pikachu's picture, but then sees the ground below Ash start to crack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 Todd throws a rope into the hole, but it's too late-Ash and Pikachu fall through into an underground storm drain-like place.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 Meowth uses a net to take Pikachu off Ash's back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 The attack tears the rubber net that Pikachu was in, and he escapes.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Todd explains that he is a Pokémon photographer and didn't want his picture of Pikachu to look posed.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 He tries again, but gives up because "Pokémon should be photographed naturally, not posing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	" He shows them pictures he took of various Pokémon to prove his point.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Pokémon	pokemon	120	Todd hears everyone talking about them and is dismayed to hear Ash say that he "doesn't even understand feelings of the Pokémon he takes pictures of.	
Jessie	person	39	 Meowth yells that Todd is coming, and Jessie and James quickly put their disguises back on.	
Jessie	person	101	 Todd tells them that he hasn't taken Pikachu yet, and James almost tells him about the pitfall, but Jessie and Meowth stop him.	
Jessie	person	37	 Todd asks why they tricked him, and Jessie answers that he tricked them first.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth yells that Todd is coming, and Jessie and James quickly put their disguises back on.	
Meowth	pokemon	112	 Todd tells them that he hasn't taken Pikachu yet, and James almost tells him about the pitfall, but Jessie and Meowth stop him.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth uses a net to take Pikachu off Ash's back.	
Togepi	pokemon	91	 The rice balls are knocked into the river, angering Brock, Pikachu, and Misty, and making Togepi cry.	
Brock	person	64	As Ash and his friends travel, they decide to stop to eat, with Brock making his famous rice balls.	
Brock	person	53	 The rice balls are knocked into the river, angering Brock, Pikachu, and Misty, and making Togepi cry.	
Brock	person	60	Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Brock	person	10	Misty and Brock are shown resting under a tree as Ash and Pikachu wash their faces in a pond.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty run up, and everyone is reunited.	
James	person	50	 Meowth yells that Todd is coming, and Jessie and James quickly put their disguises back on.	
James	person	55	 Todd tells them that he hasn't taken Pikachu yet, and James almost tells him about the pitfall, but Jessie and Meowth stop him.	
James	person	1	 James then throws some small bombs into the waterfall.	
Misty	person	73	 The rice balls are knocked into the river, angering Brock, Pikachu, and Misty, and making Togepi cry.	
Misty	person	49	Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Misty	person	31	 They take off their disguises.Misty and Brock are shown resting under a tree as Ash and Pikachu wash their faces in a pond.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty run up, and everyone is reunited.	
Misty	person	111	Todd sets up his camera to take a picture with his new friends, but he slips on a rice ball and knocks Ash and Misty down.	
Water	type	46	Ash sends out Squirtle and commands it to use Water Gun at the bushes where he saw the "gun.	
Todd	person	2	" Todd stands up and tells him to stop, afraid that his camera, what was really pointed at them, will be ruined.	
Todd	person	13	 Ash, mad at Todd, asks why he was spying on them.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd explains that he is a Pokémon photographer and didn't want his picture of Pikachu to look posed.	
Todd	person	37	The group goes in a house to talk to Todd.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd zooms in on the picture and it is revealed that it really was Ash.	
Todd	person	35	 To make up for not believing him, Todd makes pancakes for the group.	
Todd	person	39	As the group is eating their pancakes, Todd tries to get a picture of Pikachu.	
Todd	person	65	 However, as he is taking the picture, Pikachu accidentally zaps Todd.	
Todd	person	94	Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Todd	person	10	 However, Todd says that he only wants to take pictures of Pikachu.	
Todd	person	64	Ash and his friends leave, and as they are walking down a path, Todd is shown hidden in the grass.	
Todd	person	64	 A flashback is shown of Team Rocket dressed as seniors begging Todd to "capture" Pikachu.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd agrees; however, they didn't realize that Todd plans to capture Pikachu on film.	
Todd	person	48	 Todd agrees; however, they didn't realize that Todd plans to capture Pikachu on film.	
Todd	person	6	After Todd leaves, Team Rocket is shown eating.	
Todd	person	8	 Twice, Todd tries to take Pikachu's picture, but he hides behind Ash before he can.	
Todd	person	19	 Meowth yells that Todd is coming, and Jessie and James quickly put their disguises back on.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd tells them that he hasn't taken Pikachu yet, and James almost tells him about the pitfall, but Jessie and Meowth stop him.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd sets up his camera and waits for Ash and the group to come.Todd hears everyone talking about them and is dismayed to hear Ash say that he "doesn't even understand feelings of the Pokémon he takes pictures of.	
Todd	person	65	 Todd sets up his camera and waits for Ash and the group to come.Todd hears everyone talking about them and is dismayed to hear Ash say that he "doesn't even understand feelings of the Pokémon he takes pictures of.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd walks over and looks into the hole.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd finally gets Pikachu's picture, but then sees the ground below Ash start to crack.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd throws a rope into the hole, but it's too late-Ash and Pikachu fall through into an underground storm drain-like place.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd jumps down after them and runs along the water.	
Todd	person	45	 Realizing there's nothing for them to grab, Todd holds out his camera on the tripod.	
Todd	person	44	 Ash grabs onto the strap and realizes that Todd sacrificed his camera to save them.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd asks why they tricked him, and Jessie answers that he tricked them first.	
Todd	person	11	 Ash takes Todd's camera off the tripod and acts like he is taking Team Rocket's picture.	
Todd	person	47	 Ash pulls himself up the rest of the way with Todd's tripod, then sends out Bulbasaur and tells it to use Razor Leaf.	
Todd	person	50	 Brock and Misty run up, and everyone is reunited.Todd sets up his camera to take a picture with his new friends, but he slips on a rice ball and knocks Ash and Misty down.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends travel, they decide to stop to eat, with Brock making his famous rice balls.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash notices what he thinks is a gun pointing at Pikachu, and knocks his friends out of the way.	
Ash	person	102	 The rice balls are knocked into the river, angering Brock, Pikachu, and Misty, and making Togepi cry.Ash sends out Squirtle and commands it to use Water Gun at the bushes where he saw the "gun.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, mad at Todd, asks why he was spying on them.	
Ash	person	38	 The Aerodactyl seemed to be carrying Ash in its claws!	
Ash	person	68	 Todd zooms in on the picture and it is revealed that it really was Ash.	
Ash	person	44	Pikachu doesn't like to be photographed, so Ash, Misty, and Brock send out their Pokémon for Todd to photograph.	
Ash	person	55	 They ask him why, but he says that he can't tell them.Ash and his friends leave, and as they are walking down a path, Todd is shown hidden in the grass.	
Ash	person	50	Misty and Brock are shown resting under a tree as Ash and Pikachu wash their faces in a pond.	
Ash	person	66	 Twice, Todd tries to take Pikachu's picture, but he hides behind Ash before he can.	
Ash	person	39	 Todd sets up his camera and waits for Ash and the group to come.	
Ash	person	63	Todd hears everyone talking about them and is dismayed to hear Ash say that he "doesn't even understand feelings of the Pokémon he takes pictures of.	
Ash	person	32	 He sees Pikachu peeking out of Ash's backpack and gets ready to take his picture.	
Ash	person	69	 Todd finally gets Pikachu's picture, but then sees the ground below Ash start to crack.	
Ash	person	53	 Todd throws a rope into the hole, but it's too late-Ash and Pikachu fall through into an underground storm drain-like place.	
Ash	person	10	 He tells Ash to grab on to something-they will fall over the waterfall!	
Ash	person	1	 Ash grabs onto the strap and realizes that Todd sacrificed his camera to save them.	
Ash	person	39	 Meowth uses a net to take Pikachu off Ash's back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes Todd's camera off the tripod and acts like he is taking Team Rocket's picture.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls himself up the rest of the way with Todd's tripod, then sends out Bulbasaur and tells it to use Razor Leaf.	
Ash	person	103	Todd sets up his camera to take a picture with his new friends, but he slips on a rice ball and knocks Ash and Misty down.	
