Team Rocket's Meowth	pokemon	1	 Team Rocket's Meowth scratches Ash's face and frees his fellow Meowth.	
Team Rocket's Meowth	pokemon	45	 The Meowth then talks, revealing that it is Team Rocket's Meowth.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	118	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Pokémon Master	person	92	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon Master	person	54	 James confidently says that he too wants to become a Pokémon Master, as well as ask Jessie what she's doing here.	
Pokémon League	group	82	 Todd steps in, takes pictures of Pikachu, then tells Ash that he should take the Pokémon League Admissions Exam.	
Pokémon League	group	25	The group arrives at the Pokémon League Admissions Exam building so Ash signs up and gets the testing number 7.	
Flamethrower	move	32	 The instructor has Flareon use Flamethrower, which Weezing proceeds to dodge.	
Flamethrower	move	102	 Coming up with an idea, Ash tells Weezing to counter with Smog, which explodes upon being hit by the Flamethrower, throwing Flareon backwards.	
Flamethrower	move	69	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Team Rocket	group	85	 As Misty comments on Ash being good at battling after all, Brock comments that even Team Rocket could win if they battled like that.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is taking notes of Ash's fighting strategy.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket's Meowth scratches Ash's face and frees his fellow Meowth.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 However, Team Rocket returns with James's Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Team Rocket	group	134	 Before the Pokémon attack, the head instructor quickly orders them to about-face, causing Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard to attack Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	62	 Then, Ash orders his Meowth, Weezing, and Arbok to also stop Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 Weezing uses Explosion, sending Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Team Rocket	group	85	Back inside the PLAE building, the head instructor tells the whole class that due to Team Rocket's interference, they have to do the entire exam all over again.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 The Meowth then talks, revealing that it is Team Rocket's Meowth.	
Thunderbolt	move	43	 James immediately commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but the attack doesn't work on Graveler.	
SmokeScreen	move	49	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Fury Swipes	move	21	 Meowth tries to use Fury Swipes, but gets frozen in its tracks when Vaporeon uses Ice Beam, giving the victory to the head instructor.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	43	 The head instructor reveals the answer: a Jigglypuff seen from above.	
Charmander	pokemon	90	 The next Pokémon for all the students to guess has a fiery tail, and Ash guesses it's a Charmander, but the right answer was Ponyta.	
Charmander	pokemon	101	The third exam involves Pokémon battles, as Nurse Joy uses a Squirtle against a fellow instructor's Charmander.	
Vine Whip	move	41	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Explosion	move	14	 Weezing uses Explosion, sending Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Explosion	move	210	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Nurse Joy	person	7	 Then, Nurse Joy enters and Brock follows her.	
Nurse Joy	person	10	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Nurse Joy	person	45	The third exam involves Pokémon battles, as Nurse Joy uses a Squirtle against a fellow instructor's Charmander.	
Nurse Joy	person	85	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Nurse Joy	person	152	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Gym Badge	item	117	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Electrode	pokemon	86	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Poké Ball	item	48	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Poké Ball	item	25	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Poké Ball	item	41	 For the final round, Ash opens his last Poké Ball to reveal a Meowth, while the head instructor sends out a Vaporeon.	
Poliwhirl	pokemon	20	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
Charizard	pokemon	54	 Angry at this, James then sends out an Ivysaur and a Charizard at the same time.	
Charizard	pokemon	65	 However, Team Rocket returns with James's Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	52	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Charizard	pokemon	114	 Before the Pokémon attack, the head instructor quickly orders them to about-face, causing Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard to attack Team Rocket.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	110	 For the final round, Ash opens his last Poké Ball to reveal a Meowth, while the head instructor sends out a Vaporeon.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	69	 Meowth tries to use Fury Swipes, but gets frozen in its tracks when Vaporeon uses Ice Beam, giving the victory to the head instructor.	
Ice Beam	move	83	 Meowth tries to use Fury Swipes, but gets frozen in its tracks when Vaporeon uses Ice Beam, giving the victory to the head instructor.	
Magikarp	pokemon	8	 At the Magikarp question, James becomes angry because of the time he had a Magikarp, as well as notice Jessie giving each question a "true" answer, hoping that she gets half of them right.	
Magikarp	pokemon	76	 At the Magikarp question, James becomes angry because of the time he had a Magikarp, as well as notice Jessie giving each question a "true" answer, hoping that she gets half of them right.	
Squirtle	pokemon	62	The third exam involves Pokémon battles, as Nurse Joy uses a Squirtle against a fellow instructor's Charmander.	
Graveler	pokemon	38	 The head instructor then sends out a Graveler.	
Graveler	pokemon	87	 James immediately commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but the attack doesn't work on Graveler.	
Graveler	pokemon	7	 Then, Graveler sends Pikachu flying with a Tackle.	
Poliwag	pokemon	40	 Unfortunately, the correct answer is a Poliwag.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	40	 Angry at this, James then sends out an Ivysaur and a Charizard at the same time.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	52	 However, Team Rocket returns with James's Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	26	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	101	 Before the Pokémon attack, the head instructor quickly orders them to about-face, causing Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard to attack Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	 Todd steps in, takes pictures of Pikachu, then tells Ash that he should take the Pokémon League Admissions Exam.	
Pikachu	pokemon	115	 Ash then is told by the head instructor to leave all his Poké Balls at the counter, as well as temporarily leave Pikachu in Misty's care.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 The first Pokémon James sends out is a Pikachu, much to his delight.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 James believes that he can't lose with Pikachu and claims that he's been destroyed by Pikachu's attacks so many times that he knew them all by heart.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 James believes that he can't lose with Pikachu and claims that he's been destroyed by Pikachu's attacks so many times that he knew them all by heart.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 James immediately commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but the attack doesn't work on Graveler.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Then, Graveler sends Pikachu flying with a Tackle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 However, Team Rocket returns with James's Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Pikachu	pokemon	92	 Before the Pokémon attack, the head instructor quickly orders them to about-face, causing Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard to attack Team Rocket.	
Agility	move	14	 Jolteon uses Agility, but Arbok stops it with Glare.	
Thunder	move	109	 At this point, while Arbok is wincing in pain, Jolteon shakes off the Glare attack and finishes it off with Thunder.	
Thunder	move	102	 Then, Team Rocket orders Ivysaur to use Vine Whip, Charizard to use Flamethrower, and Pikachu to use Thunder.	
Voltorb	pokemon	19	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Weezing	pokemon	53	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Weezing	pokemon	173	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Weezing	pokemon	52	 The instructor has Flareon use Flamethrower, which Weezing proceeds to dodge.	
Weezing	pokemon	35	 Coming up with an idea, Ash tells Weezing to counter with Smog, which explodes upon being hit by the Flamethrower, throwing Flareon backwards.	
Weezing	pokemon	37	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Weezing	pokemon	30	 Then, Ash orders his Meowth, Weezing, and Arbok to also stop Team Rocket.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing uses Explosion, sending Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Flareon	pokemon	62	It is Ash's turn to face the head instructor, who sends out a Flareon.	
Flareon	pokemon	20	 The instructor has Flareon use Flamethrower, which Weezing proceeds to dodge.	
Flareon	pokemon	125	 Coming up with an idea, Ash tells Weezing to counter with Smog, which explodes upon being hit by the Flamethrower, throwing Flareon backwards.	
Flareon	pokemon	1	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Flareon	pokemon	109	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	155	 After nearly choking on his food and washing it down with a glass of water, Ash claims he wins all his battles with skill, and then challenges Misty to a Pokémon battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	 Todd steps in, takes pictures of Pikachu, then tells Ash that he should take the Pokémon League Admissions Exam.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	The group arrives at the Pokémon League Admissions Exam building so Ash signs up and gets the testing number 7.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 James confidently says that he too wants to become a Pokémon Master, as well as ask Jessie what she's doing here.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	The first exam tests a person's knowledge of Pokémon, where they answer true or false questions.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	The second exam tests a person's ability to recognize Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon to recognize on the screen looks like a ball.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 The next Pokémon to recognize looks like a swirl.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 The next Pokémon for all the students to guess has a fiery tail, and Ash guesses it's a Charmander, but the right answer was Ponyta.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	The third exam involves Pokémon battles, as Nurse Joy uses a Squirtle against a fellow instructor's Charmander.	
Pokémon	pokemon	139	 Next, the head instructor tells Ash and James that they each have to select a belt of three Poké Balls, even though they don't know what Pokémon are inside them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The first Pokémon James sends out is a Pikachu, much to his delight.	
Pokémon	pokemon	74	 But unfortunately, the head instructor expels James for bringing out two Pokémon at once.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 The head instructor demands that they return those Pokémon immediately.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 Before the Pokémon attack, the head instructor quickly orders them to about-face, causing Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard to attack Team Rocket.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 Ash realizes that those Pokémon listened to the head instructor because he raised them.	
Jolteon	pokemon	39	 Next, the head instructor sends out a Jolteon, and Ash sends out an Arbok.	
Jolteon	pokemon	1	 Jolteon uses Agility, but Arbok stops it with Glare.	
Jolteon	pokemon	40	 Then, Arbok uses Wrap but gets hurt by Jolteon's spikes.	
Jolteon	pokemon	48	 At this point, while Arbok is wincing in pain, Jolteon shakes off the Glare attack and finishes it off with Thunder.	
Omanyte	pokemon	54	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
Ponyta	pokemon	127	 The next Pokémon for all the students to guess has a fiery tail, and Ash guesses it's a Charmander, but the right answer was Ponyta.	
Jessie	person	9	 Nearby, Jessie, disguised as a schoolgirl, complains that she didn't get number 7, causing Ash to briefly suspect her.	
Jessie	person	20	 But unfortunately, Jessie hears this and takes James outside.	
Jessie	person	15	 Once outside, Jessie takes off her glasses and asks James what he is doing there.	
Jessie	person	86	 James confidently says that he too wants to become a Pokémon Master, as well as ask Jessie what she's doing here.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie explains that she wants to add another talent to her collection.	
Jessie	person	64	 James quickly throws Meowth a ball of yarn, then runs off with Jessie back inside for the exam.	
Jessie	person	104	 At the Magikarp question, James becomes angry because of the time he had a Magikarp, as well as notice Jessie giving each question a "true" answer, hoping that she gets half of them right.	
Jessie	person	64	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Jessie	person	67	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
Jessie	person	11	 A furious Jessie demands that she be asked easier questions, and the head instructor expels her.	
Jessie	person	15	 Once outside, Jessie wakes up Meowth and says that they're going to get revenge.	
Jessie	person	83	 Meanwhile, James stands alone in a corner, vowing that he will try extra hard for Jessie.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James then say their motto and remove their disguises.	
Jessie	person	15	 Meanwhile, as Jessie and James vow revenge on Ash and his friends, they quickly discover that they ended up with the wrong Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Meowth shows up and scratches both their faces.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	 James quickly throws Meowth a ball of yarn, then runs off with Jessie back inside for the exam.	
Meowth	pokemon	31	 Once outside, Jessie wakes up Meowth and says that they're going to get revenge.	
Meowth	pokemon	64	 For the final round, Ash opens his last Poké Ball to reveal a Meowth, while the head instructor sends out a Vaporeon.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries to use Fury Swipes, but gets frozen in its tracks when Vaporeon uses Ice Beam, giving the victory to the head instructor.	
Meowth	pokemon	15	 Team Rocket's Meowth scratches Ash's face and frees his fellow Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	64	 Team Rocket's Meowth scratches Ash's face and frees his fellow Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 The head instructor is impressed by the talking Meowth, so he goes to capture him.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	 Then, Ash orders his Meowth, Weezing, and Arbok to also stop Team Rocket.	
Meowth	pokemon	182	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Meowth	pokemon	5	 The Meowth then talks, revealing that it is Team Rocket's Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	59	 The Meowth then talks, revealing that it is Team Rocket's Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	124	 Meanwhile, as Jessie and James vow revenge on Ash and his friends, they quickly discover that they ended up with the wrong Meowth.	
Tackle	move	44	 Then, Graveler sends Pikachu flying with a Tackle.	
Tackle	move	92	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Togepi	pokemon	38	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Brock	person	12	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Brock	person	28	 Then, Nurse Joy enters and Brock follows her.	
Brock	person	42	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Brock	person	60	 As Misty comments on Ash being good at battling after all, Brock comments that even Team Rocket could win if they battled like that.	
Brock	person	40	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
James	person	13	 Soon after, James walks in, disguised as a schoolboy with glasses, but quickly heads for the counter once Ash sees him.	
James	person	32	 When the head instructor reads James's registration form and calls out his name, James tells him to keep quiet.	
James	person	82	 When the head instructor reads James's registration form and calls out his name, James tells him to keep quiet.	
James	person	48	 But unfortunately, Jessie hears this and takes James outside.	
James	person	53	 Once outside, Jessie takes off her glasses and asks James what he is doing there.	
James	person	1	 James confidently says that he too wants to become a Pokémon Master, as well as ask Jessie what she's doing here.	
James	person	1	 James quickly throws Meowth a ball of yarn, then runs off with Jessie back inside for the exam.	
James	person	27	 At the Magikarp question, James becomes angry because of the time he had a Magikarp, as well as notice Jessie giving each question a "true" answer, hoping that she gets half of them right.	
James	person	28	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
James	person	31	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
James	person	12	 Meanwhile, James stands alone in a corner, vowing that he will try extra hard for Jessie.	
James	person	41	 Next, the head instructor tells Ash and James that they each have to select a belt of three Poké Balls, even though they don't know what Pokémon are inside them.	
James	person	30	 They choose their belts, and James is up first against the head instructor.	
James	person	20	 The first Pokémon James sends out is a Pikachu, much to his delight.	
James	person	1	 James believes that he can't lose with Pikachu and claims that he's been destroyed by Pikachu's attacks so many times that he knew them all by heart.	
James	person	1	 James immediately commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but the attack doesn't work on Graveler.	
James	person	16	 Angry at this, James then sends out an Ivysaur and a Charizard at the same time.	
James	person	47	 But unfortunately, the head instructor expels James for bringing out two Pokémon at once.	
James	person	35	 However, Team Rocket returns with James's Pikachu, Ivysaur, and Charizard.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James then say their motto and remove their disguises.	
James	person	26	 Meanwhile, as Jessie and James vow revenge on Ash and his friends, they quickly discover that they ended up with the wrong Meowth.	
Glare	move	47	 Jolteon uses Agility, but Arbok stops it with Glare.	
Glare	move	71	 At this point, while Arbok is wincing in pain, Jolteon shakes off the Glare attack and finishes it off with Thunder.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Misty	person	77	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Misty	person	144	 After nearly choking on his food and washing it down with a glass of water, Ash claims he wins all his battles with skill, and then challenges Misty to a Pokémon battle.	
Misty	person	126	 Ash then is told by the head instructor to leave all his Poké Balls at the counter, as well as temporarily leave Pikachu in Misty's care.	
Misty	person	31	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty points out that Ash's score is on the scoreboard for all the students who got the lowest scores, as Todd takes a picture, much to Ash's chagrin.	
Misty	person	4	 As Misty comments on Ash being good at battling after all, Brock comments that even Team Rocket could win if they battled like that.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is now convinced that Ash has got skill.	
Misty	person	29	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Badge	item	121	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Arbok	pokemon	90	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
Arbok	pokemon	69	 Next, the head instructor sends out a Jolteon, and Ash sends out an Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	27	 Jolteon uses Agility, but Arbok stops it with Glare.	
Arbok	pokemon	7	 Then, Arbok uses Wrap but gets hurt by Jolteon's spikes.	
Arbok	pokemon	22	 At this point, while Arbok is wincing in pain, Jolteon shakes off the Glare attack and finishes it off with Thunder.	
Arbok	pokemon	43	 Then, Ash orders his Meowth, Weezing, and Arbok to also stop Team Rocket.	
Todd	person	19	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd steps in, takes pictures of Pikachu, then tells Ash that he should take the Pokémon League Admissions Exam.	
Todd	person	107	 Misty points out that Ash's score is on the scoreboard for all the students who got the lowest scores, as Todd takes a picture, much to Ash's chagrin.	
Todd	person	120	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Todd	person	135	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Leer	move	19	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Poké	item	58	 Ash then is told by the head instructor to leave all his Poké Balls at the counter, as well as temporarily leave Pikachu in Misty's care.	
Poké	item	48	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Poké	item	93	 Next, the head instructor tells Ash and James that they each have to select a belt of three Poké Balls, even though they don't know what Pokémon are inside them.	
Poké	item	25	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Poké	item	41	 For the final round, Ash opens his last Poké Ball to reveal a Meowth, while the head instructor sends out a Vaporeon.	
Wrap	move	18	 Then, Arbok uses Wrap but gets hurt by Jolteon's spikes.	
Smog	move	59	 Coming up with an idea, Ash tells Weezing to counter with Smog, which explodes upon being hit by the Flamethrower, throwing Flareon backwards.	
Gym	building	117	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Gym	building	123	 The head instructor then offers Ash another chance to pass the test, but Ash refuses, saying that he's better off winning Gym Badges from Gym Leaders.	
Gym	building	139	 The head instructor then offers Ash another chance to pass the test, but Ash refuses, saying that he's better off winning Gym Badges from Gym Leaders.	
Ash	person	99	Ash, Misty, Brock, Todd, Pikachu, and Togepi are enjoying a nice lunch until Misty points out that Ash has not won a Gym Badge in a while.	
Ash	person	77	 After nearly choking on his food and washing it down with a glass of water, Ash claims he wins all his battles with skill, and then challenges Misty to a Pokémon battle.	
Ash	person	54	 Todd steps in, takes pictures of Pikachu, then tells Ash that he should take the Pokémon League Admissions Exam.	
Ash	person	69	The group arrives at the Pokémon League Admissions Exam building so Ash signs up and gets the testing number 7.	
Ash	person	92	 Nearby, Jessie, disguised as a schoolgirl, complains that she didn't get number 7, causing Ash to briefly suspect her.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then is told by the head instructor to leave all his Poké Balls at the counter, as well as temporarily leave Pikachu in Misty's care.	
Ash	person	26	 Shortly, Nurse Joy tells Ash, Misty, and Brock that she signed up for the exam to become a Pokémon Master.	
Ash	person	107	 Soon after, James walks in, disguised as a schoolboy with glasses, but quickly heads for the counter once Ash sees him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash does his best to answer each of the questions correctly.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thinks it's a Voltorb, James thinks it's a Poké Ball, and Jessie thinks it's an Electrode.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash guesses it's a Poliwhirl, James believes it's an Omanyte, and Jessie guesses it's an Arbok when it's all coiled up.	
Ash	person	71	 The next Pokémon for all the students to guess has a fiery tail, and Ash guesses it's a Charmander, but the right answer was Ponyta.	
Ash	person	32	When the scoreboard comes down, Ash wonders where his score is.	
Ash	person	23	 Misty points out that Ash's score is on the scoreboard for all the students who got the lowest scores, as Todd takes a picture, much to Ash's chagrin.	
Ash	person	137	 Misty points out that Ash's score is on the scoreboard for all the students who got the lowest scores, as Todd takes a picture, much to Ash's chagrin.	
Ash	person	33	 Next, the head instructor tells Ash and James that they each have to select a belt of three Poké Balls, even though they don't know what Pokémon are inside them.	
Ash	person	6	It is Ash's turn to face the head instructor, who sends out a Flareon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Ash	person	70	 Ash pulls out his first Poké Ball, which reveals a Weezing, much to Ash's shock and displeasure (made only worse when Todd starts taking pictures of his face looking like Weezing's).	
Ash	person	25	 Coming up with an idea, Ash tells Weezing to counter with Smog, which explodes upon being hit by the Flamethrower, throwing Flareon backwards.	
Ash	person	29	 Flareon then uses Leer, but Ash has Weezing use SmokeScreen to hide, then follow up with a Tackle, knocking Flareon out.	
Ash	person	22	 As Misty comments on Ash being good at battling after all, Brock comments that even Team Rocket could win if they battled like that.	
Ash	person	43	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is taking notes of Ash's fighting strategy.	
Ash	person	52	 Next, the head instructor sends out a Jolteon, and Ash sends out an Arbok.	
Ash	person	22	 For the final round, Ash opens his last Poké Ball to reveal a Meowth, while the head instructor sends out a Vaporeon.	
Ash	person	32	 Team Rocket's Meowth scratches Ash's face and frees his fellow Meowth.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash realizes that those Pokémon listened to the head instructor because he raised them.	
Ash	person	7	 Then, Ash orders his Meowth, Weezing, and Arbok to also stop Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	33	 The head instructor then offers Ash another chance to pass the test, but Ash refuses, saying that he's better off winning Gym Badges from Gym Leaders.	
Ash	person	74	 The head instructor then offers Ash another chance to pass the test, but Ash refuses, saying that he's better off winning Gym Badges from Gym Leaders.	
Ash	person	29	 Misty is now convinced that Ash has got skill.	
Ash	person	24	 A short time later, as Ash, Misty, and Brock say goodbye to the head instructor and Nurse Joy before heading off for Cinnabar Island, Todd comes up to Nurse Joy with one of the two Meowth that got hurt in the Explosion.	
Ash	person	47	 Meanwhile, as Jessie and James vow revenge on Ash and his friends, they quickly discover that they ended up with the wrong Meowth.	
