Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	32	 Ash, Misty, and Brock go on to Cinnabar Island while Todd goes the other way, to the mountains so he can take some more pictures.	
Ash's Charizard	pokemon	52	 Everyone releases all of their Pokémon (excluding Ash's Charizard), but the owner tells them none are his favorite.	
Officer Jenny	person	119	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Officer Jenny	person	60	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Team Rocket	group	24	 Butch and Cassidy do a Team Rocket motto.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket digs a tunnel out of jail.	
Thunderbolt	move	81	 Together they move against Butch and Cassidy, and Pikachu fries Raticate with a Thunderbolt.	
Victreebel	pokemon	124	 While they chase them around, James goes to pick up his Weepinbell that he left, only to discover that it has evolved into Victreebel, and is constantly trying to eat his head.	
Victreebel	pokemon	69	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Victreebel	pokemon	91	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Weepinbell	pokemon	57	 While they chase them around, James goes to pick up his Weepinbell that he left, only to discover that it has evolved into Victreebel, and is constantly trying to eat his head.	
Vine Whip	move	52	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	7	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.	
Charizard	pokemon	58	 Everyone releases all of their Pokémon (excluding Ash's Charizard), but the owner tells them none are his favorite.	
Giovanni	person	96	 Unknown to them, Butch and Cassidy are in the other room deciding on which Pokémon to give to Giovanni.	
Giovanni	person	65	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Raticate	pokemon	1	 Raticate appears at the end of their motto.	
Raticate	pokemon	65	 Together they move against Butch and Cassidy, and Pikachu fries Raticate with a Thunderbolt.	
Cassidy	person	28	 Unknown to them, Butch and Cassidy are in the other room deciding on which Pokémon to give to Giovanni.	
Cassidy	person	90	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Cassidy	person	142	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Cassidy	person	20	 However, Butch and Cassidy catch them, and Jessie recognizes Cassidy, though James doesn't.	
Cassidy	person	62	 However, Butch and Cassidy catch them, and Jessie recognizes Cassidy, though James doesn't.	
Cassidy	person	11	 Butch and Cassidy do a Team Rocket motto.	
Cassidy	person	11	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Cassidy	person	10	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Cassidy	person	38	 Together they move against Butch and Cassidy, and Pikachu fries Raticate with a Thunderbolt.	
Cassidy	person	35	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	184	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	298	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	110	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 Misty goes back into the breeding center in disguise to get the camera, and Pikachu sneaks around and picks up the camera.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Together they move against Butch and Cassidy, and Pikachu fries Raticate with a Thunderbolt.	
Psyduck	pokemon	31	 Misty decides to drop off her Psyduck at the breeding center in order to get its eyes fixed.	
Psyduck	pokemon	34	 He then pulls out a picture of a Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	93	 Todd tells her they could wait until tomorrow, but Misty angrily tells him she wants to get Psyduck then and there.	
Psyduck	pokemon	57	Ash and the others go to the buffet, and since they have Psyduck with them they get to eat their free meal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	103	Ash, Misty, Brock and Todd are taking a break in the middle of a city when they see a commercial for a Pokémon breeding center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 Ash believes that Misty is planning on leaving the Pokémon at the center, but she tells him that no matter how annoying it is, she'll keep it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 The owner tells the kids that he will give them a free meal if they can guess and show him his favorite Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Everyone releases all of their Pokémon (excluding Ash's Charizard), but the owner tells them none are his favorite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	Misty and the others are shocked to discover all the Pokémon in cages.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	 Unknown to them, Butch and Cassidy are in the other room deciding on which Pokémon to give to Giovanni.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	272	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	6	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	44	 However, Butch and Cassidy catch them, and Jessie recognizes Cassidy, though James doesn't.	
Jessie	person	42	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Jessie	person	64	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Jessie	person	47	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
Meowth	pokemon	25	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	57	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Meowth	pokemon	79	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
Togepi	pokemon	123	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Butch	person	18	 Unknown to them, Butch and Cassidy are in the other room deciding on which Pokémon to give to Giovanni.	
Butch	person	80	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Butch	person	156	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Butch	person	253	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Butch	person	132	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Butch	person	10	 However, Butch and Cassidy catch them, and Jessie recognizes Cassidy, though James doesn't.	
Butch	person	1	 Butch and Cassidy do a Team Rocket motto.	
Butch	person	1	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Butch	person	142	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Butch	person	28	 Together they move against Butch and Cassidy, and Pikachu fries Raticate with a Thunderbolt.	
Butch	person	25	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.	
Brock	person	12	Ash, Misty, Brock and Todd are taking a break in the middle of a city when they see a commercial for a Pokémon breeding center.	
Brock	person	29	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Brock	person	57	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Brock	person	97	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock go on to Cinnabar Island while Todd goes the other way, to the mountains so he can take some more pictures.	
Brock	person	20	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
James	person	14	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
James	person	78	 However, Butch and Cassidy catch them, and Jessie recognizes Cassidy, though James doesn't.	
James	person	31	 While they chase them around, James goes to pick up his Weepinbell that he left, only to discover that it has evolved into Victreebel, and is constantly trying to eat his head.	
James	person	50	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
James	person	72	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
James	person	55	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, Brock and Todd are taking a break in the middle of a city when they see a commercial for a Pokémon breeding center.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty decides to drop off her Psyduck at the breeding center in order to get its eyes fixed.	
Misty	person	19	 Ash believes that Misty is planning on leaving the Pokémon at the center, but she tells him that no matter how annoying it is, she'll keep it.	
Misty	person	10	 Shocked, Misty asks him if the restaurant will still be open later in the evening.	
Misty	person	52	 Todd tells her they could wait until tomorrow, but Misty angrily tells him she wants to get Psyduck then and there.	
Misty	person	68	 Snooping around the back, they find a secret entrance and walks in.Misty and the others are shocked to discover all the Pokémon in cages.	
Misty	person	103	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty goes back into the breeding center in disguise to get the camera, and Pikachu sneaks around and picks up the camera.	
Misty	person	48	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock go on to Cinnabar Island while Todd goes the other way, to the mountains so he can take some more pictures.	
Misty	person	9	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
Todd	person	22	Ash, Misty, Brock and Todd are taking a break in the middle of a city when they see a commercial for a Pokémon breeding center.	
Todd	person	35	After leaving the breeding center, Todd notices a sign in a restaurant, advertising an all-you-can-eat meal for free.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd tells her they could wait until tomorrow, but Misty angrily tells him she wants to get Psyduck then and there.	
Todd	person	1	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Todd	person	36	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Todd	person	23	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Todd	person	108	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Todd	person	54	 Ash, Misty, and Brock go on to Cinnabar Island while Todd goes the other way, to the mountains so he can take some more pictures.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash believes that Misty is planning on leaving the Pokémon at the center, but she tells him that no matter how annoying it is, she'll keep it.	
Ash	person	52	 Everyone releases all of their Pokémon (excluding Ash's Charizard), but the owner tells them none are his favorite.	
Ash	person	122	 Todd takes pictures of the fake breeding center and the cages as evidence, but Butch and Cassidy see the flash, however, Ash and the others hide, and when Butch comes to investigate, Pikachu uses an electric attack from inside one of the cages, making Butch think that the flash they saw was from Pikachu's electric attack.	
Ash	person	192	Then, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive to steal the Pokémon (as Giovanni has not informed them that the breeding center was run by Butch and Cassidy, as they might screw it up), and run into Ash and the gang, and mistakenly believe that they are also trying to steal the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	24	 Butch and Cassidy trap Ash, Brock, Todd, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel in cages, leaving only Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi, who escape.	
Ash	person	52	Butch and Cassidy take Todd's camera and frame him, Ash, Brock, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel as burglars, and Officer Jenny arrests the seven of them.	
Ash	person	12	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Ash	person	92	 Right when Ash and the others are put in jail, Misty shows Officer Jenny the pictures, and Ash, Brock, and Todd are cleared, and subsequently released.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.Ash and the others go to the buffet, and since they have Psyduck with them they get to eat their free meal.	
Ash	person	107	 Ash's Bulbasaur defeats Butch and Cassidy with its Vine Whip, and both are tied up and hauled off to jail.Ash and the others go to the buffet, and since they have Psyduck with them they get to eat their free meal.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends reach a fork in the road.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock go on to Cinnabar Island while Todd goes the other way, to the mountains so he can take some more pictures.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash, Misty, and Brock walk along the road, Jessie, James, and Meowth are digging underneath them.	
