Cinnabar Island	settlement	55	Ash and his friends take a boat ride, finally going to Cinnabar Island.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	84	 However, once there, they meet Gary and his cheerleaders, who explain to them that Cinnabar Island is a tourist resort, and that Pokémon Trainers have not ventured to Cinnabar Island since the days of his grandfather.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	169	 However, once there, they meet Gary and his cheerleaders, who explain to them that Cinnabar Island is a tourist resort, and that Pokémon Trainers have not ventured to Cinnabar Island since the days of his grandfather.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	39	 The local tells them the story of how Cinnabar Island was once a hotspot for Trainers, but then tourism took off due to the rise of hot springs resorts from the nearby volcano.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	5	 The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader, Blaine, closed down his Gym due to being forced to battle tourists who had no interest in battling for Badges.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	90	 Beyond the door, they find a clear battlefield - Blaine's secret Gym, suspended over the Cinnabar Island volcano.	
Pokémon Center	building	93	 Finding nothing else to do, they decide to look for lodgings, but find that not only is the Pokémon Center's lodgings full, all of the hot springs resorts have been fully booked, and they are left with no choice but to camp out.	
Fighting-type	type	122	However, before they can settle in, the local receives a phone call, informing him that the Pokémon Lab, home to various Fighting-type Pokémon, is under attack from a balloon.	
Cinnabar Gym	building	45	 Once on the island, they decide to find the Cinnabar Gym, and thanks to a local (who tells them by using a riddle which Misty eventually solves), they do find it.	
Team Rocket	group	15	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Thunderbolt	move	166	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Thunderbolt	move	11	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
Thunderbolt	move	152	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
Horn Drill	move	84	 However, Charizard simply flies off the battlefield as Rhydon was about to unleash Horn Drill and naps, unwilling to battle.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	105	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Gym Leader	person	21	 The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader, Blaine, closed down his Gym due to being forced to battle tourists who had no interest in battling for Badges.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	136	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Electabuzz	pokemon	235	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Fire Blast	move	194	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Fire-type	type	20	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Ninetales	pokemon	133	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Ninetales	pokemon	66	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Ninetales	pokemon	27	 In response, Blaine pulls Ninetales for Rhydon.	
Fire Spin	move	78	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	141	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	195	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Water Gun	move	40	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Charizard	pokemon	54	 Deciding to fight fire with fire, Ash decides to use Charizard despite its obedience issues.	
Charizard	pokemon	10	 However, Charizard simply flies off the battlefield as Rhydon was about to unleash Horn Drill and naps, unwilling to battle.	
Charizard	pokemon	26	 Blaine then disqualifies Charizard for leaving the ring.	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	122	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Hitmonlee	pokemon	221	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Gyarados	pokemon	127	Later that night, as Ash and his friends mull over the riddle in the hot springs, Togepi wanders off from Misty and jumps on a Gyarados statue, unwittingly activating a secret switch that moved a boulder, exposing a cave and knocking down the hot springs' gender divider.	
Fighting	type	122	However, before they can settle in, the local receives a phone call, informing him that the Pokémon Lab, home to various Fighting-type Pokémon, is under attack from a balloon.	
Squirtle	pokemon	94	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Squirtle	pokemon	29	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Squirtle	pokemon	93	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Pikachu	pokemon	129	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Pikachu	pokemon	156	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Quickly down two Pokémon, Ash decides to rely on Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu's electric attacks do not seem to faze him, which, as Brock explains, is due to Magmar using its own body heat as a thermal lance, diffusing the electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Pikachu	pokemon	151	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Will Pikachu survive?	
Pokémon	pokemon	130	 However, once there, they meet Gary and his cheerleaders, who explain to them that Cinnabar Island is a tourist resort, and that Pokémon Trainers have not ventured to Cinnabar Island since the days of his grandfather.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	Ash and friends decide that, even if there isn't a Gym, there is still a world-famous Pokémon Lab to explore.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 Finding nothing else to do, they decide to look for lodgings, but find that not only is the Pokémon Center's lodgings full, all of the hot springs resorts have been fully booked, and they are left with no choice but to camp out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	However, before they can settle in, the local receives a phone call, informing him that the Pokémon Lab, home to various Fighting-type Pokémon, is under attack from a balloon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	136	However, before they can settle in, the local receives a phone call, informing him that the Pokémon Lab, home to various Fighting-type Pokémon, is under attack from a balloon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 As a reward for helping to save the Pokémon, the local reveals a secret: that Blaine had built a secret Gym, in a place where "firefighters couldn't win".	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Pokémon	pokemon	18	 Quickly down two Pokémon, Ash decides to rely on Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 However, Blaine isn't fazed, calling out his signature Pokémon, Magmar.	
Magmar	pokemon	66	 However, Blaine isn't fazed, calling out his signature Pokémon, Magmar.	
Magmar	pokemon	89	 Pikachu's electric attacks do not seem to faze him, which, as Brock explains, is due to Magmar using its own body heat as a thermal lance, diffusing the electricity.	
Magmar	pokemon	48	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Magmar	pokemon	185	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Blaine	person	33	 The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader, Blaine, closed down his Gym due to being forced to battle tourists who had no interest in battling for Badges.	
Blaine	person	80	 As a reward for helping to save the Pokémon, the local reveals a secret: that Blaine had built a secret Gym, in a place where "firefighters couldn't win".	
Blaine	person	50	 Beyond the door, they find a clear battlefield - Blaine's secret Gym, suspended over the Cinnabar Island volcano.	
Blaine	person	53	 The local suddenly appears, revealing himself to be Blaine (as Misty had figured out another riddle, the answer being the wig Blaine used as part of his disguise), and accepts Ash's challenge.	
Blaine	person	127	 The local suddenly appears, revealing himself to be Blaine (as Misty had figured out another riddle, the answer being the wig Blaine used as part of his disguise), and accepts Ash's challenge.	
Blaine	person	110	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Blaine	person	14	 In response, Blaine pulls Ninetales for Rhydon.	
Blaine	person	1	 Blaine then disqualifies Charizard for leaving the ring.	
Blaine	person	10	 However, Blaine isn't fazed, calling out his signature Pokémon, Magmar.	
Rhydon	pokemon	41	 In response, Blaine pulls Ninetales for Rhydon.	
Rhydon	pokemon	56	 However, Charizard simply flies off the battlefield as Rhydon was about to unleash Horn Drill and naps, unwilling to battle.	
Rhydon	pokemon	37	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
Rhydon	pokemon	95	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
Togepi	pokemon	82	Later that night, as Ash and his friends mull over the riddle in the hot springs, Togepi wanders off from Misty and jumps on a Gyarados statue, unwittingly activating a secret switch that moved a boulder, exposing a cave and knocking down the hot springs' gender divider.	
Brock	person	6	 When Brock reminds Ash of the business card, they find that it also contains directions there.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock are both stumped by it (".	
Brock	person	63	 Pikachu's electric attacks do not seem to faze him, which, as Brock explains, is due to Magmar using its own body heat as a thermal lance, diffusing the electricity.	
Misty	person	121	 Once on the island, they decide to find the Cinnabar Gym, and thanks to a local (who tells them by using a riddle which Misty eventually solves), they do find it.	
Misty	person	50	you will see my hands, or at least my face"), but Misty guesses correctly again (that being a clock).	
Misty	person	106	Later that night, as Ash and his friends mull over the riddle in the hot springs, Togepi wanders off from Misty and jumps on a Gyarados statue, unwittingly activating a secret switch that moved a boulder, exposing a cave and knocking down the hot springs' gender divider.	
Misty	person	64	 The local suddenly appears, revealing himself to be Blaine (as Misty had figured out another riddle, the answer being the wig Blaine used as part of his disguise), and accepts Ash's challenge.	
Water	type	40	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Fire	type	20	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Fire	type	50	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Fire	type	78	 Despite the type advantage, Squirtle's Water Gun is no match for Ninetales's Fire Spin, and Squirtle is out in one shot.	
Fire	type	99	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Fire	type	194	 With Pikachu effectively unable to attack, and Magmar slowly wearing Pikachu out with a series of Fire Punches, the episode ends on a cliffhanger, as Pikachu finds himself facing down Magmar's Fire Blast, while about to back into the lava.	
Sing	move	301	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Gary	person	32	 However, once there, they meet Gary and his cheerleaders, who explain to them that Cinnabar Island is a tourist resort, and that Pokémon Trainers have not ventured to Cinnabar Island since the days of his grandfather.	
Gary	person	6	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Gym	building	54	 Once on the island, they decide to find the Cinnabar Gym, and thanks to a local (who tells them by using a riddle which Misty eventually solves), they do find it.	
Gym	building	24	 only to learn that the Gym has been abandoned.	
Gym	building	21	 The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader, Blaine, closed down his Gym due to being forced to battle tourists who had no interest in battling for Badges.	
Gym	building	57	 The Cinnabar Island Gym Leader, Blaine, closed down his Gym due to being forced to battle tourists who had no interest in battling for Badges.	
Gym	building	51	Ash and friends decide that, even if there isn't a Gym, there is still a world-famous Pokémon Lab to explore.	
Gym	building	106	 As a reward for helping to save the Pokémon, the local reveals a secret: that Blaine had built a secret Gym, in a place where "firefighters couldn't win".	
Gym	building	66	 Beyond the door, they find a clear battlefield - Blaine's secret Gym, suspended over the Cinnabar Island volcano.	
Gym	building	4	The Gym Battle begins as a three-on-three battle.	
Lab	building	95	Ash and friends decide that, even if there isn't a Gym, there is still a world-famous Pokémon Lab to explore.	
Lab	building	101	However, before they can settle in, the local receives a phone call, informing him that the Pokémon Lab, home to various Fighting-type Pokémon, is under attack from a balloon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then discovers that they, indeed, are on a cruise ship.	
Ash	person	63	 The local leaves, but not before leaving a business card with Ash to an inn.Ash and friends decide that, even if there isn't a Gym, there is still a world-famous Pokémon Lab to explore.	
Ash	person	77	 The local leaves, but not before leaving a business card with Ash to an inn.Ash and friends decide that, even if there isn't a Gym, there is still a world-famous Pokémon Lab to explore.	
Ash	person	256	 Even Gary has found himself a room, but unfortunately for him, his room entertainment is in the form of Jigglypuff (with Hitmonlee and Electabuzz dressed up in costumes playing the shamisen), who puts him, the audience, Hitmonlee and Electabuzz to sleep (Ash and his friends ran away before it could Sing).	
Ash	person	20	 When Brock reminds Ash of the business card, they find that it also contains directions there.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock are both stumped by it (".	
Ash	person	65	 The local, who runs the inn, not only has a vacancy, but allows Ash and company to stay for free.	
Ash	person	40	 Figuring that Team Rocket is involved, Ash and his friends arrive at the scene, and quickly dispatch the balloon with help from Pikachu and Pidgeotto (via Pikachu's Thunderbolt from the back of Pidgeotto).	
Ash	person	21	Later that night, as Ash and his friends mull over the riddle in the hot springs, Togepi wanders off from Misty and jumps on a Gyarados statue, unwittingly activating a secret switch that moved a boulder, exposing a cave and knocking down the hot springs' gender divider.	
Ash	person	46	 After quickly getting their clothes back on, Ash and friends explore the secret cave, and find a metal door that's hot to the touch.	
Ash	person	177	 The local suddenly appears, revealing himself to be Blaine (as Misty had figured out another riddle, the answer being the wig Blaine used as part of his disguise), and accepts Ash's challenge.	
Ash	person	65	 Confident that the Fire-type leader will use his Fire Pokémon, Ash decides to lead off with Squirtle, while Blaine counters with a Ninetales.	
Ash	person	35	 Deciding to fight fire with fire, Ash decides to use Charizard despite its obedience issues.	
Ash	person	28	 Quickly down two Pokémon, Ash decides to rely on Pikachu.	
Ash	person	56	 Pikachu's Thunderbolt does not faze Rhydon at all, but Ash decides to take advantage of using Rhydon's horn as a lightning rod, and another well-aimed Thunderbolt at the horn knocks it out.	
