Blaine's Magmar	pokemon	52	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Cinnabar Island	settlement	53	 Still, Ash had earned his Volcano Badge, and leaves Cinnabar Island.	
Pokémon League	group	147	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Volcano Badge	item	142	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Volcano Badge	item	47	As thanks, Blaine allows Ash a rematch for the Volcano Badge.	
Volcano Badge	item	27	 Still, Ash had earned his Volcano Badge, and leaves Cinnabar Island.	
Viridian City	settlement	65	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Viridian City	settlement	53	 Ash was unaware of the fact that there was a Gym in Viridian City and asks Misty why she didn't tell him before.	
Flamethrower	move	122	 Having won the battle, Ash proceeds to congratulate Charizard and return it, only to be blasted in the face with another Flamethrower.	
Seismic Toss	move	180	 However, once the two emerge from the lava, Charizard is now the one with the upper hand, having used his flight ability to create an aerial Submission and finish off Magmar with Seismic Toss.	
Team Rocket	group	60	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Team Rocket	group	113	 Though it appears that their attempt is successful, Magmar simply melts the ice around it, which in turn causes Team Rocket to fire more freezing missiles at it.	
Team Rocket	group	118	 However, their over zealousness causes the battlefield walls to cave in, and Ash, Misty, Brock, and Blaine arrive as Team Rocket is sent flying.	
Skull Bash	move	64	 Magmar then proceeds to hit Charizard square in the gut with a Skull Bash, pushing Charizard into a pillar.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	136	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Submission	move	142	 However, once the two emerge from the lava, Charizard is now the one with the upper hand, having used his flight ability to create an aerial Submission and finish off Magmar with Seismic Toss.	
Fire Blast	move	141	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Fire Blast	move	82	 As the battle begins, both sides trade Flamethrowers, and Magmar counters with a Fire Blast, which Charizard digs in and manages to deflect.	
Charizard	pokemon	24	 Ash also tries to have Charizard to pitch in, but Charizard is unwilling to cooperate.	
Charizard	pokemon	51	 Ash also tries to have Charizard to pitch in, but Charizard is unwilling to cooperate.	
Charizard	pokemon	76	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Charizard	pokemon	44	 Eventually, the volcano is dammed, leaving Charizard and Magmar with a desire to battle it out against each other.	
Charizard	pokemon	154	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Charizard	pokemon	100	 As the battle begins, both sides trade Flamethrowers, and Magmar counters with a Fire Blast, which Charizard digs in and manages to deflect.	
Charizard	pokemon	29	 Magmar then proceeds to hit Charizard square in the gut with a Skull Bash, pushing Charizard into a pillar.	
Charizard	pokemon	84	 Magmar then proceeds to hit Charizard square in the gut with a Skull Bash, pushing Charizard into a pillar.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard begins to fall towards the lava.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard recovers, and locks up with Magmar.	
Charizard	pokemon	18	 Magmar then uses Charizard's own momentum against it by flipping it over, and pushing the two into the lava.	
Charizard	pokemon	45	 However, once the two emerge from the lava, Charizard is now the one with the upper hand, having used his flight ability to create an aerial Submission and finish off Magmar with Seismic Toss.	
Charizard	pokemon	53	 Having won the battle, Ash proceeds to congratulate Charizard and return it, only to be blasted in the face with another Flamethrower.	
Charizard	pokemon	18	 As it turns out, Charizard only obeyed Ash in order to fight Magmar, and nothing more.	
Viridian	settlement	65	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Viridian	settlement	53	 Ash was unaware of the fact that there was a Gym in Viridian City and asks Misty why she didn't tell him before.	
Squirtle	pokemon	134	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Pikachu	pokemon	89	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	94	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Pikachu to duck in the last second, hoping to avoid the blast, but Pikachu is hit, but fortunately is not knocked into the lava, having hung on to the edge.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	 Ash tells Pikachu to duck in the last second, hoping to avoid the blast, but Pikachu is hit, but fortunately is not knocked into the lava, having hung on to the edge.	
Pikachu	pokemon	8	 Though Pikachu makes it back onto the battlefield, Ash concedes the match, not wanting to risk Pikachu falling into the lava.	
Pikachu	pokemon	96	 Though Pikachu makes it back onto the battlefield, Ash concedes the match, not wanting to risk Pikachu falling into the lava.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 Blaine allows Ash to stay, as the hot springs will help heal Pikachu from his burns.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Pikachu	pokemon	235	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Psyduck	pokemon	72	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Geodude	pokemon	113	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Geodude	pokemon	202	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	147	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Magmar	pokemon	61	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Magmar	pokemon	134	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Magmar	pokemon	53	 Though it appears that their attempt is successful, Magmar simply melts the ice around it, which in turn causes Team Rocket to fire more freezing missiles at it.	
Magmar	pokemon	197	 With nowhere to run, and the volcano about to erupt due to the frozen ice causing fissures in the walls and ground (causing the battlefield in turn to sink into the lava), Blaine is forced to use Magmar to dam the volcano and prevent its eruption.	
Magmar	pokemon	23	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Magmar	pokemon	58	 Eventually, the volcano is dammed, leaving Charizard and Magmar with a desire to battle it out against each other.	
Magmar	pokemon	122	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Magmar	pokemon	59	 As the battle begins, both sides trade Flamethrowers, and Magmar counters with a Fire Blast, which Charizard digs in and manages to deflect.	
Magmar	pokemon	1	 Magmar then proceeds to hit Charizard square in the gut with a Skull Bash, pushing Charizard into a pillar.	
Magmar	pokemon	39	 Charizard recovers, and locks up with Magmar.	
Magmar	pokemon	1	 Magmar then uses Charizard's own momentum against it by flipping it over, and pushing the two into the lava.	
Magmar	pokemon	168	 However, once the two emerge from the lava, Charizard is now the one with the upper hand, having used his flight ability to create an aerial Submission and finish off Magmar with Seismic Toss.	
Magmar	pokemon	62	 As it turns out, Charizard only obeyed Ash in order to fight Magmar, and nothing more.	
Blaine	person	56	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Blaine	person	122	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Blaine	person	52	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Blaine	person	1	 Blaine allows Ash to stay, as the hot springs will help heal Pikachu from his burns.	
Blaine	person	64	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Blaine	person	101	 However, their over zealousness causes the battlefield walls to cave in, and Ash, Misty, Brock, and Blaine arrive as Team Rocket is sent flying.	
Blaine	person	173	 With nowhere to run, and the volcano about to erupt due to the frozen ice causing fissures in the walls and ground (causing the battlefield in turn to sink into the lava), Blaine is forced to use Magmar to dam the volcano and prevent its eruption.	
Blaine	person	11	As thanks, Blaine allows Ash a rematch for the Volcano Badge.	
Blaine	person	45	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Blaine	person	110	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Blaine	person	26	 Although Ash calls foul, Blaine reminds him that "under the volcano" is still part of their agreed-upon battlefield.	
Rhydon	pokemon	131	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Togepi	pokemon	84	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Staryu	pokemon	122	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Brock	person	8	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Brock	person	33	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Brock	person	90	 However, their over zealousness causes the battlefield walls to cave in, and Ash, Misty, Brock, and Blaine arrive as Team Rocket is sent flying.	
Brock	person	28	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Brock	person	55	 Misty can't recall why they were fighting and just as Brock was about to refresh her memory, Ash quickly declares to keep moving, only for Misty to remember about him owing her that bike.	
Misty	person	18	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Misty	person	22	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Misty	person	83	 However, their over zealousness causes the battlefield walls to cave in, and Ash, Misty, Brock, and Blaine arrive as Team Rocket is sent flying.	
Misty	person	45	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Misty	person	76	 Ash was unaware of the fact that there was a Gym in Viridian City and asks Misty why she didn't tell him before.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty replies that they were too busy arguing for her to remember.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty can't recall why they were fighting and just as Brock was about to refresh her memory, Ash quickly declares to keep moving, only for Misty to remember about him owing her that bike.	
Misty	person	140	 Misty can't recall why they were fighting and just as Brock was about to refresh her memory, Ash quickly declares to keep moving, only for Misty to remember about him owing her that bike.	
Badge	item	150	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Badge	item	55	As thanks, Blaine allows Ash a rematch for the Volcano Badge.	
Badge	item	35	 Still, Ash had earned his Volcano Badge, and leaves Cinnabar Island.	
Fire	type	141	 However, any semblance of a comeback was halted by Blaine's Magmar, who quickly cornered off Pikachu and was about to finish him off with a Fire Blast.	
Fire	type	82	 As the battle begins, both sides trade Flamethrowers, and Magmar counters with a Fire Blast, which Charizard digs in and manages to deflect.	
Onix	pokemon	107	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Onix	pokemon	193	 However, after seeing Magmar throw rocks in an attempt to dam the volcano, Charizard decides to help, and Onix, Geodude, Staryu, and Squirtle also pitch in (the latter two helping to cool off Onix and Geodude).	
Gym	building	56	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Gym	building	79	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Gym	building	103	Wondering where to go next, Brock suggests that they head to the Viridian City Gym, which is a leading Gym where the best Trainers prepare for the Pokémon League.	
Gym	building	46	 Ash was unaware of the fact that there was a Gym in Viridian City and asks Misty why she didn't tell him before.	
Ash	person	17	When we last saw Ash, he was locked into battle against Blaine, down two Pokémon before Pikachu had managed to knock out Blaine's Rhydon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Pikachu to duck in the last second, hoping to avoid the blast, but Pikachu is hit, but fortunately is not knocked into the lava, having hung on to the edge.	
Ash	person	52	 Though Pikachu makes it back onto the battlefield, Ash concedes the match, not wanting to risk Pikachu falling into the lava.	
Ash	person	15	 Blaine allows Ash to stay, as the hot springs will help heal Pikachu from his burns.	
Ash	person	31	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Ash	person	96	 Though Brock and Misty advise Ash to leave for another Gym, as Blaine was simply too powerful, Ash declares that he will not leave without a Volcano Badge.	
Ash	person	17	The next day, as Ash, Misty, and Brock try to help Pikachu, Team Rocket manages to sneak into the battlefield, in an attempt to steal Magmar by freezing him.	
Ash	person	78	 However, their over zealousness causes the battlefield walls to cave in, and Ash, Misty, Brock, and Blaine arrive as Team Rocket is sent flying.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash also tries to have Charizard to pitch in, but Charizard is unwilling to cooperate.	
Ash	person	111	 Pikachu also makes an effort to help, while Misty is forced to rein in Psyduck and Togepi from helping, while Ash is forced to rein in Jigglypuff from putting everyone to sleep.	
Ash	person	25	As thanks, Blaine allows Ash a rematch for the Volcano Badge.	
Ash	person	37	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Ash	person	134	 But with the battlefield destroyed, Ash and Blaine agree to battle one-on-one on the summit of the volcano - Blaine with Magmar, and Ash deciding to use Charizard after it shows a desire to battle (he had originally wanted to go with Pikachu).	
Ash	person	10	 Although Ash calls foul, Blaine reminds him that "under the volcano" is still part of their agreed-upon battlefield.	
Ash	person	24	 Having won the battle, Ash proceeds to congratulate Charizard and return it, only to be blasted in the face with another Flamethrower.	
Ash	person	40	 As it turns out, Charizard only obeyed Ash in order to fight Magmar, and nothing more.	
Ash	person	8	 Still, Ash had earned his Volcano Badge, and leaves Cinnabar Island.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash was unaware of the fact that there was a Gym in Viridian City and asks Misty why she didn't tell him before.	
Ash	person	94	 Misty can't recall why they were fighting and just as Brock was about to refresh her memory, Ash quickly declares to keep moving, only for Misty to remember about him owing her that bike.	
