Cinnabar Island	settlement	60	Ash and his friends are running to catch the last ferry off Cinnabar Island, and just as they are approaching the ferry, they collide with a Wartortle.	
Mecha Gyarados	item	35	 Jigglypuff is blown away into the Mecha Gyarados.	
Mecha Gyarados	item	55	 Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.	
Ash's Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Ash's Squirtle	pokemon	81	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Squirtle Squad	group	71	 Suddenly, Squirtle gets a shocked look on its face, and pulls out its Squirtle Squad sunglasses, putting them on.	
Team Rocket	group	63	 Then Jigglypuff's song starts again and everyone falls asleep.Team Rocket intrudes on the island, hoping to catch Blastoise, but Meowth, the one who went to get Blastoise, falls asleep.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Blastoise successfully drives off Team Rocket, except Jigglypuff is still inside, luckily Jigglypuff is blasted out and lands on the island.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	32	 Then Misty and Brock know it's Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	6	 Then Jigglypuff's song starts again and everyone falls asleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	19	 They succeed, and Jigglypuff what pops out.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff is blown away into the Mecha Gyarados.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	55	 Blastoise successfully drives off Team Rocket, except Jigglypuff is still inside, luckily Jigglypuff is blasted out and lands on the island.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	91	 Blastoise successfully drives off Team Rocket, except Jigglypuff is still inside, luckily Jigglypuff is blasted out and lands on the island.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff sings, everyone sleeps, everyone gets scribbled on.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	126	 Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.	
Wartortle	pokemon	141	Ash and his friends are running to catch the last ferry off Cinnabar Island, and just as they are approaching the ferry, they collide with a Wartortle.	
Wartortle	pokemon	51	 Ash sends out his Squirtle, who begins to talk to Wartortle, in a serious and urgent manner.	
Wartortle	pokemon	1	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Wartortle	pokemon	10	They find Wartortle and Squirtle inside their shells on the island, who upon closer inspection, Brock realizes that they are asleep.	
Wartortle	pokemon	53	Brock begins to tell the story from the Squirtle and Wartortle's point of view, with little pictures to illustrate it.	
Wartortle	pokemon	19	" The Squirtle and Wartortle agree.	
Wartortle	pokemon	34	" He leads off saying that when a Wartortle returned to find everyone inside their shells, it headed to the main land to get help, and bumped into us.	
Wartortle	pokemon	58	 Misty comments on how people have been searching for the Wartortle's breeding grounds for years, and here it is.	
Wartortle	pokemon	60	 They begin to sink into the water but all the Squirtle and Wartortle save them.	
Wartortle	pokemon	56	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	92	 As they look farther up, there is a giant shell, which Ash's Pokédex reveals that it is a Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	28	 Ash and Squirtle check out Blastoise, and suddenly they fall sleep.	
Blastoise	pokemon	83	 Misty and Brock asked Ash what happened, who then replies that when he approached Blastoise, he heard mysterious music that was vaguely familiar that caused him to fall asleep.	
Blastoise	pokemon	169	 Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!	
Blastoise	pokemon	77	 "This island is the kingdom for turtle Pokémon, who live under the rule of Blastoise, the turtle Pokémon king.	
Blastoise	pokemon	18	 "A few days ago, Blastoise went to take a swim in the ocean, but then it didn't swim back home.	
Blastoise	pokemon	11	 You found Blastoise floating in the ocean, but when you dragged it ashore, you all wound up inside your shells too!	
Blastoise	pokemon	60	 He puts on a doctor's outfit, and says that it is time for Blastoise's first annual physical.	
Blastoise	pokemon	56	He pulls out a stethoscope and then they try to wake up Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	75	 Everyone tries to wake it up, but it eventually wakes up on its own, when Blastoise's head and limbs pop out, lifting Ash into the air.	
Blastoise	pokemon	23	 He hops off, and then Blastoise's cannons pop out of its shell.	
Blastoise	pokemon	49	 Squirtle then notices something stuck in one of Blastoise's hydro cannons.	
Blastoise	pokemon	52	Team Rocket intrudes on the island, hoping to catch Blastoise, but Meowth, the one who went to get Blastoise, falls asleep.	
Blastoise	pokemon	99	Team Rocket intrudes on the island, hoping to catch Blastoise, but Meowth, the one who went to get Blastoise, falls asleep.	
Blastoise	pokemon	67	 They successfully escape, until they hear the noise coming out of Blastoise's shell.	
Blastoise	pokemon	123	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	1	 Blastoise successfully drives off Team Rocket, except Jigglypuff is still inside, luckily Jigglypuff is blasted out and lands on the island.	
Gyarados	pokemon	21	 They then use their Gyarados grabber.	
Gyarados	pokemon	41	 Jigglypuff is blown away into the Mecha Gyarados.	
Gyarados	pokemon	61	 Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.	
Squirtle	pokemon	19	 Ash sends out his Squirtle, who begins to talk to Wartortle, in a serious and urgent manner.	
Squirtle	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Squirtle gets a shocked look on its face, and pulls out its Squirtle Squad sunglasses, putting them on.	
Squirtle	pokemon	71	 Suddenly, Squirtle gets a shocked look on its face, and pulls out its Squirtle Squad sunglasses, putting them on.	
Squirtle	pokemon	21	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Squirtle	pokemon	156	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Squirtle	pokemon	24	They find Wartortle and Squirtle inside their shells on the island, who upon closer inspection, Brock realizes that they are asleep.	
Squirtle	pokemon	9	 Ash and Squirtle check out Blastoise, and suddenly they fall sleep.	
Squirtle	pokemon	40	Brock begins to tell the story from the Squirtle and Wartortle's point of view, with little pictures to illustrate it.	
Squirtle	pokemon	6	" The Squirtle and Wartortle agree.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle then notices something stuck in one of Blastoise's hydro cannons.	
Squirtle	pokemon	47	 They begin to sink into the water but all the Squirtle and Wartortle save them.	
Squirtle	pokemon	43	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Squirtle	pokemon	87	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Then, Misty tells Pikachu to "try an electric shock alarm clock", which manages to wake Ash and all of the Pokémon up.	
Pikachu	pokemon	100	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Pokémon	pokemon	108	 Then, Misty tells Pikachu to "try an electric shock alarm clock", which manages to wake Ash and all of the Pokémon up.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 "This island is the kingdom for turtle Pokémon, who live under the rule of Blastoise, the turtle Pokémon king.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 "This island is the kingdom for turtle Pokémon, who live under the rule of Blastoise, the turtle Pokémon king.	
Pokédex	item	62	 As they look farther up, there is a giant shell, which Ash's Pokédex reveals that it is a Blastoise.	
Jessie	person	38	 Using the rope they attached to him, Jessie and James reeled him in, and throw him back.	
Meowth	pokemon	67	Team Rocket intrudes on the island, hoping to catch Blastoise, but Meowth, the one who went to get Blastoise, falls asleep.	
Mecha	item	35	 Jigglypuff is blown away into the Mecha Gyarados.	
Mecha	item	55	 Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.	
Brock	person	96	They find Wartortle and Squirtle inside their shells on the island, who upon closer inspection, Brock realizes that they are asleep.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock try to wake him up, but to no avail.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock asked Ash what happened, who then replies that when he approached Blastoise, he heard mysterious music that was vaguely familiar that caused him to fall asleep.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!	
Brock	person	71	 Misty, shaking her head and smiling, says that she was afraid of that.Brock begins to tell the story from the Squirtle and Wartortle's point of view, with little pictures to illustrate it.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says that if it's true, imagine what things he could learn about breeding from being here.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock suddenly realizes what it is, and Misty tells Ash to get that thing as far away from her as possible.	
Brock	person	16	 Then Misty and Brock know it's Jigglypuff.	
James	person	49	 Using the rope they attached to him, Jessie and James reeled him in, and throw him back.	
Misty	person	62	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock try to wake him up, but to no avail.	
Misty	person	7	 Then, Misty tells Pikachu to "try an electric shock alarm clock", which manages to wake Ash and all of the Pokémon up.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock asked Ash what happened, who then replies that when he approached Blastoise, he heard mysterious music that was vaguely familiar that caused him to fall asleep.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!	
Misty	person	72	 Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, shaking her head and smiling, says that she was afraid of that.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments on how people have been searching for the Wartortle's breeding grounds for years, and here it is.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock suddenly realizes what it is, and Misty tells Ash to get that thing as far away from her as possible.	
Misty	person	51	 Misty and Brock suddenly realizes what it is, and Misty tells Ash to get that thing as far away from her as possible.	
Misty	person	6	 Then Misty and Brock know it's Jigglypuff.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is annoyed because the marker scribbling makes her look like a cartoon character.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out his Squirtle, who begins to talk to Wartortle, in a serious and urgent manner.	
Ash	person	15	 Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.	
Ash	person	56	 As they look farther up, there is a giant shell, which Ash's Pokédex reveals that it is a Blastoise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Squirtle check out Blastoise, and suddenly they fall sleep.	
Ash	person	89	 Then, Misty tells Pikachu to "try an electric shock alarm clock", which manages to wake Ash and all of the Pokémon up.	
Ash	person	23	 Misty and Brock asked Ash what happened, who then replies that when he approached Blastoise, he heard mysterious music that was vaguely familiar that caused him to fall asleep.	
Ash	person	129	 Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!	
Ash	person	119	 Everyone tries to wake it up, but it eventually wakes up on its own, when Blastoise's head and limbs pop out, lifting Ash into the air.	
Ash	person	63	 Misty and Brock suddenly realizes what it is, and Misty tells Ash to get that thing as far away from her as possible.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks at her and asks how bad it could be.	
Ash	person	81	 Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash breaks the fourth wall by chiming in, "Like that could ever happen!	
Ash	person	13	 In the end, Ash and his friends finally leave.	
