Misty's Horsea	pokemon	24	While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill.	
Jessie's Arbok	pokemon	76	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Cerulean City	settlement	120	 Brock suggests that it needs to find a bigger pool to swim in, and so, the gang decides to head for Misty's home town, Cerulean City.	
Cerulean City	settlement	15	 As they leave Cerulean City, Ash says that Misty was pretty amazing back there, but Misty reminds him that he still owes her a bike.	
Viridian City	settlement	9	While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill.	
Cerulean Gym	building	64	 When they get there, they discover that Misty's sisters at the Cerulean Gym are having trouble attracting crowds to their performances and have advertised Misty to be in a new performance called the "Underwater Ballet.	
Cerulean Gym	building	22	 Because of this, the Cerulean Gym shows are popular again.	
Team Rocket	group	49	 While Lily and Violet (in costume) are watching Team Rocket attacks them and replaces them to be the antagonists of the show.	
Team Rocket	group	110	 As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice.	
Viridian	settlement	9	While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill.	
Squirtle	pokemon	84	 Despite being outnumbered, Arbok is able to defend itself against Horsea, Seaking, Squirtle and Starmie.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Pikachu	pokemon	27	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Weezing	pokemon	10	 Although Weezing floats to the surface, unable to be underwater, Arbok dominates its opponents and rounds them up, looking to finish them off.	
Psyduck	pokemon	122	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Dewgong	pokemon	92	 As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice.	
Starmie	pokemon	97	 Despite being outnumbered, Arbok is able to defend itself against Horsea, Seaking, Squirtle and Starmie.	
Starmie	pokemon	92	Before departing, Misty decides to leave Horsea in the Gym, and her sisters also borrow her Starmie.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 The show starts smoothly with Misty swimming with the water Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Violet	person	16	 While Lily and Violet (in costume) are watching Team Rocket attacks them and replaces them to be the antagonists of the show.	
Violet	person	78	 Confused at this, Daisy hears banging on a nearby locker, and finds Lily and Violet bound and gagged.	
Jessie	person	76	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Jessie	person	92	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Meowth	pokemon	134	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Horsea	pokemon	32	While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill.	
Horsea	pokemon	67	 Despite being outnumbered, Arbok is able to defend itself against Horsea, Seaking, Squirtle and Starmie.	
Horsea	pokemon	41	Before departing, Misty decides to leave Horsea in the Gym, and her sisters also borrow her Starmie.	
Togepi	pokemon	16	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suggests that it needs to find a bigger pool to swim in, and so, the gang decides to head for Misty's home town, Cerulean City.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock are sitting among the audience, and Ash is excited to see Misty.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock rush past them to help Misty.	
Brock	person	17	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
James	person	100	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Daisy	person	1	 Daisy, who had been taking tickets, hears her cue on the pre-recorded voiceover and goes to change.	
Daisy	person	19	 Confused at this, Daisy hears banging on a nearby locker, and finds Lily and Violet bound and gagged.	
Misty	person	24	While in Viridian City, Misty's Horsea, swimming in a fountain looks ill.	
Misty	person	101	 Brock suggests that it needs to find a bigger pool to swim in, and so, the gang decides to head for Misty's home town, Cerulean City.	
Misty	person	41	 When they get there, they discover that Misty's sisters at the Cerulean Gym are having trouble attracting crowds to their performances and have advertised Misty to be in a new performance called the "Underwater Ballet.	
Misty	person	156	 When they get there, they discover that Misty's sisters at the Cerulean Gym are having trouble attracting crowds to their performances and have advertised Misty to be in a new performance called the "Underwater Ballet.	
Misty	person	2	" Misty is reluctant to be a part of this at first, but finally agrees after much begging from her sisters.	
Misty	person	73	 Ash and Brock are sitting among the audience, and Ash is excited to see Misty.	
Misty	person	31	 The show starts smoothly with Misty swimming with the water Pokémon.	
Misty	person	38	 Ash and Brock rush past them to help Misty.	
Misty	person	39	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Misty	person	7	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Misty	person	18	Before departing, Misty decides to leave Horsea in the Gym, and her sisters also borrow her Starmie.	
Misty	person	48	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Misty	person	92	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Misty	person	44	 As they leave Cerulean City, Ash says that Misty was pretty amazing back there, but Misty reminds him that he still owes her a bike.	
Misty	person	85	 As they leave Cerulean City, Ash says that Misty was pretty amazing back there, but Misty reminds him that he still owes her a bike.	
Water	type	36	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Arbok	pokemon	85	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	28	 Despite being outnumbered, Arbok is able to defend itself against Horsea, Seaking, Squirtle and Starmie.	
Arbok	pokemon	66	 Although Weezing floats to the surface, unable to be underwater, Arbok dominates its opponents and rounds them up, looking to finish them off.	
Arbok	pokemon	18	 As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice.	
Arbok	pokemon	58	 As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice.	
Arbok	pokemon	111	 After Misty and Brock pull out the Water Pokémon, Pikachu electrocutes the water, sending Jessie, James, and Arbok upwards, hitting Meowth and the balloon, sending them blasting off once more.	
Seel	pokemon	33	 As it looks like Arbok has won, Seel fights well against Arbok and eventually evolves into Dewgong to freeze Team Rocket in ice.	
Lily	person	7	 While Lily and Violet (in costume) are watching Team Rocket attacks them and replaces them to be the antagonists of the show.	
Lily	person	69	 Confused at this, Daisy hears banging on a nearby locker, and finds Lily and Violet bound and gagged.	
Gym	building	73	 When they get there, they discover that Misty's sisters at the Cerulean Gym are having trouble attracting crowds to their performances and have advertised Misty to be in a new performance called the "Underwater Ballet.	
Gym	building	10	The whole Gym fills up with people eager to see the show.	
Gym	building	31	 Because of this, the Cerulean Gym shows are popular again.	
Gym	building	55	Before departing, Misty decides to leave Horsea in the Gym, and her sisters also borrow her Starmie.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock are sitting among the audience, and Ash is excited to see Misty.	
Ash	person	51	 Ash and Brock are sitting among the audience, and Ash is excited to see Misty.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock rush past them to help Misty.	
Ash	person	51	 An underwater battle commence between Misty's and Ash's water Pokémon and Jessie's Arbok.	
Ash	person	58	 They also want Togepi and Pikachu as well, but Misty and Ash refuse to hand them over, but Misty offers to let them have Psyduck, which the sisters say they aren't that desperate for.	
Ash	person	17	 After all that, Ash and his friends bid farewell to the Sensational Sisters to continue their journey.	
Ash	person	30	 As they leave Cerulean City, Ash says that Misty was pretty amazing back there, but Misty reminds him that he still owes her a bike.	
