Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	61	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Officer Jenny	person	32	 When Ash and his friends go to Officer Jenny, they discover that many others have been robbed as well.	
Officer Jenny	person	80	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Team Rocket	group	24	 Before the battle with Team Rocket can continue, Clefairy appears, and Oswald's scanner says that it is an alien.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket also enters, intending to steal Pikachu and all the Clefairy.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 The rocket, with Team Rocket still aboard, detaches from the ship and falls.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff walks over to it to see some Clefairy get out.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	30	 It says the same thing about Jigglypuff when it shows up.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	40	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	33	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	17	Inside the ship, Jigglypuff defeats all the Clefairy except for the leader, in the cockpit, where Oswald tries to pull a lever, but it breaks off.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	20	 It turns out to be Jigglypuff's microphone/marker, which Jigglypuff takes and then sings its song, putting everyone inside the ship to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	58	 It turns out to be Jigglypuff's microphone/marker, which Jigglypuff takes and then sings its song, putting everyone inside the ship to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	66	Ash and his friends continue their Pokémon journey, unaware that Jigglypuff is following them.	
Vine Whip	move	79	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	17	 Ash summons his Pidgeotto, which brings down the UFO.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	67	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Caterpie	pokemon	63	Jigglypuff sings its song in the woods, putting a Pidgey and a Caterpie to sleep.	
Clefairy	pokemon	41	 Jigglypuff walks over to it to see some Clefairy get out.	
Clefairy	pokemon	67	Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Clefairy	pokemon	12	 They chase Clefairy, but while they are gone, more Clefairy steal their ice cream and backpacks.	
Clefairy	pokemon	52	 They chase Clefairy, but while they are gone, more Clefairy steal their ice cream and backpacks.	
Clefairy	pokemon	50	 Before the battle with Team Rocket can continue, Clefairy appears, and Oswald's scanner says that it is an alien.	
Clefairy	pokemon	3	"A Clefairy grabs Pikachu and runs off with him, still trapped in his shockproof container.	
Clefairy	pokemon	20	 There they see the Clefairy have been using their stolen items to build a spaceship attached to a rocket, and they plan to use Pikachu's electricity to power it and make it blast off.	
Clefairy	pokemon	65	 Team Rocket also enters, intending to steal Pikachu and all the Clefairy.	
Clefairy	pokemon	44	Inside the ship, Jigglypuff defeats all the Clefairy except for the leader, in the cockpit, where Oswald tries to pull a lever, but it breaks off.	
Clefairy	pokemon	11	Later, the Clefairy's UFO returns and lands in a small village, where Oswald gets out, inside cardboard box with a helmet, as he believes himself to be on the Clefairy's home planet.	
Clefairy	pokemon	159	Later, the Clefairy's UFO returns and lands in a small village, where Oswald gets out, inside cardboard box with a helmet, as he believes himself to be on the Clefairy's home planet.	
Clefairy	pokemon	5	 The Clefairy come out, and take more items from the inhabitants.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 Two aliens come out and abduct Pikachu, but they are really Jessie and James in disguise.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 They put Pikachu in a glass container that absorbs electricity into a lightbulb.	
Pikachu	pokemon	18	"A Clefairy grabs Pikachu and runs off with him, still trapped in his shockproof container.	
Pikachu	pokemon	128	 There they see the Clefairy have been using their stolen items to build a spaceship attached to a rocket, and they plan to use Pikachu's electricity to power it and make it blast off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Team Rocket also enters, intending to steal Pikachu and all the Clefairy.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash finds Pikachu, whose electric attacks are too powerful for his prison, shattering the glass.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	Ash and his friends continue their Pokémon journey, unaware that Jigglypuff is following them.	
Oswald	person	13	 A man named Oswald believes this to be the work of aliens.	
Oswald	person	72	 Before the battle with Team Rocket can continue, Clefairy appears, and Oswald's scanner says that it is an alien.	
Oswald	person	1	 Oswald then says "You broke my scanner!	
Oswald	person	20	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Oswald	person	13	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Oswald	person	98	Inside the ship, Jigglypuff defeats all the Clefairy except for the leader, in the cockpit, where Oswald tries to pull a lever, but it breaks off.	
Oswald	person	70	Later, the Clefairy's UFO returns and lands in a small village, where Oswald gets out, inside cardboard box with a helmet, as he believes himself to be on the Clefairy's home planet.	
Jessie	person	61	 Two aliens come out and abduct Pikachu, but they are really Jessie and James in disguise.	
Meowth	pokemon	37	 The UFO is really being operated by Meowth, using a crane.	
Pidgey	pokemon	50	Jigglypuff sings its song in the woods, putting a Pidgey and a Caterpie to sleep.	
Togepi	pokemon	32	Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Togepi	pokemon	82	 When the scanner says Misty is an alien (although it might really be reacting to Togepi), she knocks it out of his hand, breaking it.	
Togepi	pokemon	28	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Togepi	pokemon	21	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Togepi	pokemon	26	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Brock	person	12	Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Brock	person	13	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Brock	person	56	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
James	person	72	 Two aliens come out and abduct Pikachu, but they are really Jessie and James in disguise.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Misty	person	23	 When the scanner says Misty is an alien (although it might really be reacting to Togepi), she knocks it out of his hand, breaking it.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
UFO	item	44	 After scribbling on their faces, it sees a UFO land.	
UFO	item	43	While searching for the aliens, they see a UFO land in front of them.	
UFO	item	5	 The UFO is really being operated by Meowth, using a crane.	
UFO	item	50	 Ash summons his Pidgeotto, which brings down the UFO.	
UFO	item	22	Later, the Clefairy's UFO returns and lands in a small village, where Oswald gets out, inside cardboard box with a helmet, as he believes himself to be on the Clefairy's home planet.	
Ash	person	58	 Jigglypuff walks over to it to see some Clefairy get out.Ash, Misty, Brock, Pikachu, and Togepi are eating ice cream when a Clefairy walks up to them.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash and his friends go to Officer Jenny, they discover that many others have been robbed as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash summons his Pidgeotto, which brings down the UFO.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, Brock, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff chase after it and go down a hole into an underground cave.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, Oswald, Togepi, and Jigglypuff enter while Brock goes back to tell Officer Jenny.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash finds Pikachu, whose electric attacks are too powerful for his prison, shattering the glass.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Ash	person	61	 Ash, Misty, Pikachu, and Togepi escape from the ship, using Ash's Bulbasaur's Vine Whip to grab onto a skyscraper as the ship goes into space.	
Ash	person	65	 The Clefairy come out, and take more items from the inhabitants.Ash and his friends continue their Pokémon journey, unaware that Jigglypuff is following them.	
