Pokémon League	group	116	 As they stop outside its doors, Ash is all fired up to win his eighth and final Badge before he can compete in the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	65	 Once again Gary boasts that he is further along the path to the Pokémon League, having already earned ten Badges compared to Ash's seven.	
Pokémon League	group	166	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	42	 Realizing that they don't know where the Pokémon League is, they decide to head for Pallet Town to consult with Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	114	 Realizing that they don't know where the Pokémon League is, they decide to head for Pallet Town to consult with Professor Oak.	
Viridian City	settlement	42	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Quick Attack	move	46	 Ash calls out Pidgeotto and orders it to use Quick Attack which slams into Rhydon, inflicting damage to it.	
Viridian Gym	building	71	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Viridian Gym	building	77	Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Pallet Town	settlement	172	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Pallet Town	settlement	86	 Realizing that they don't know where the Pokémon League is, they decide to head for Pallet Town to consult with Professor Oak.	
Karate Chop	move	30	 Jessie orders Machamp to use Karate Chop, striking Squirtle many times.	
Double-Edge	move	34	 Ash then orders Pidgeotto to use Double-Edge, which also slams into Rhydon, causing more damage to it.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is perched high on top of a skyscraper searching for signs of Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	91	 The Leader gloats that this Pokémon is invincible, and Gary is on the verge of panicking.Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Team Rocket	group	60	 As Gary announces that no one will ever beat the Pokémon, Team Rocket appears and begins to recite their motto, however they are interrupted by Ash, and his friends.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
Team Rocket	group	77	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 Sure enough, the trio's platform blows up, sending Team Rocket blasting off again, and the Earth Badge falling into Ash's hands.	
Thunderbolt	move	41	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, using his Thunderbolt to attack all the opposing Pokémon at once.	
Earth Badge	item	158	 To counter Misty's claim that their motto is never any different they state that "today is very different" because they are now in charge of the Gym and the Earth Badge.	
Earth Badge	item	38	Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Earth Badge	item	92	 Sure enough, the trio's platform blows up, sending Team Rocket blasting off again, and the Earth Badge falling into Ash's hands.	
Crabhammer	move	27	 The Leader resumes with a Crabhammer.	
Gym Leader	person	42	 Gary heads into the Gym to challenge the Gym Leader, followed by his cheering squad.	
Gym Leader	person	92	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Fire Blast	move	12	 Arcanine's Fire Blast is sufficient to beat Kingler.	
Vine Whip	move	29	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Vine Whip	move	13	 Bulbasaur's Vine Whip is rendered ineffective.	
Fire Spin	move	52	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	15	 Ash calls out Pidgeotto and orders it to use Quick Attack which slams into Rhydon, inflicting damage to it.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	17	 Ash then orders Pidgeotto to use Double-Edge, which also slams into Rhydon, causing more damage to it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	37	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends in Bulbasaur, prompting Jessie to switch to Kingler.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur's Vine Whip is rendered ineffective.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	111	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.	
Take Down	move	30	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Nidoking	pokemon	14	 Gary chooses Nidoking and the Leader responds by selecting Golem.	
Nidoking	pokemon	103	 The Leader commences with a Tackle attack, to which Gary responds in kind, ordering a Tackle from his Nidoking, sending Golem flying backward to crash into the wall, defeated.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking dodges the attack, but Gary recalls him.	
Nidoking	pokemon	86	 Despite protestations that he isn't afraid of anything, Gary sends both Arcanine and Nidoking forth to do battle.	
Giovanni	person	29	Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Giovanni	person	92	 However, when he demands to know what it can do the team are at a loss to explain, causing Giovanni to lose his temper accusing them of total incompetence.	
Giovanni	person	53	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
Giovanni	person	71	 During the discussion, Togepi was able to escape through an open door.Giovanni walks through a dungeon where the Pokémon he used earlier are kept in cages.	
Giovanni	person	131	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Viridian	settlement	42	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Viridian	settlement	71	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Viridian	settlement	77	Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash calls out Squirtle, and the battle begins.	
Squirtle	pokemon	52	 Jessie orders Machamp to use Karate Chop, striking Squirtle many times.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends in Bulbasaur, prompting Jessie to switch to Kingler.	
Arcanine	pokemon	19	 Gary then chooses Arcanine.	
Arcanine	pokemon	10	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Arcanine	pokemon	1	 Arcanine's Fire Blast is sufficient to beat Kingler.	
Arcanine	pokemon	36	 Using its Psychic attack, it sends Arcanine crashing into a wall.	
Arcanine	pokemon	73	 Despite protestations that he isn't afraid of anything, Gary sends both Arcanine and Nidoking forth to do battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 So fired up, in fact, that Pikachu lights a fire in front of him to mirror his feelings, accidentally setting Ash's toe on fire in the process.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 After being chastised by Misty, Ash excuses Pikachu's actions.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 Thinking it is Pikachu, Ash is so surprised when he sees Togepi that he launches it into the air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is perched high on top of a skyscraper searching for signs of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, using his Thunderbolt to attack all the opposing Pokémon at once.	
Kingler	pokemon	25	 The Leader then chooses Kingler, and Gary consults his Pokédex, which informs him that Kingler is the evolved form of Krabby.	
Kingler	pokemon	89	 The Leader then chooses Kingler, and Gary consults his Pokédex, which informs him that Kingler is the evolved form of Krabby.	
Kingler	pokemon	63	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Kingler	pokemon	45	 Arcanine's Fire Blast is sufficient to beat Kingler.	
Kingler	pokemon	159	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Kingler	pokemon	78	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends in Bulbasaur, prompting Jessie to switch to Kingler.	
Kingler	pokemon	56	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Kingler	pokemon	46	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Psychic	move	11	 Using its Psychic attack, it sends Arcanine crashing into a wall.	
Psychic	move	65	 Even as they attack the mysterious Pokémon once again uses its Psychic powers to lift the pair from the ground.	
Machamp	pokemon	150	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Machamp	pokemon	15	 Jessie orders Machamp to use Karate Chop, striking Squirtle many times.	
Machamp	pokemon	26	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Weezing	pokemon	78	 Seeing as they are now at a disadvantage, Jessie and James call on Arbok and Weezing to aid them.	
Weezing	pokemon	72	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Trainer	person	82	 Ash tries to follow Gary, but is blocked by the guards, who will only permit one Trainer in the Gym at a time.	
Trainer	person	161	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Trainer	person	86	 As the blows land, Ash is given a shock; the box turned out to be rigged so that the Trainer feels all the pain his Pokémon feels.	
Trainer	person	99	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.	
Pokémon	pokemon	116	 As they stop outside its doors, Ash is all fired up to win his eighth and final Badge before he can compete in the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Once again Gary boasts that he is further along the path to the Pokémon League, having already earned ten Badges compared to Ash's seven.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	 The Leader accepts his challenge, and his guards announce the battle will consist of three Pokémon with no time limit.	
Pokémon	pokemon	147	The Leader comes forward from the shadows, confidently announcing that he is not beaten yet, and he will use this battle to test his most powerful Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 As he snaps his fingers, a door opens to reveal a Pokémon concealed by mechanical armor.	
Pokémon	pokemon	113	 Gary's Pokédex shows only static when he tries to scan it, claiming that there is no available data on the new Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 The Leader offers to allow Gary to use more than one Pokémon if he is afraid of losing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Even as they attack the mysterious Pokémon once again uses its Psychic powers to lift the pair from the ground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 The Leader gloats that this Pokémon is invincible, and Gary is on the verge of panicking.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	Giovanni walks through a dungeon where the Pokémon he used earlier are kept in cages.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Continuing to the last one he pulls a lever releasing the mystery Pokémon explaining that he has an emergency assignment for it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	174	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 As Gary announces that no one will ever beat the Pokémon, Team Rocket appears and begins to recite their motto, however they are interrupted by Ash, and his friends.	
Pokémon	pokemon	122	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	117	 As the blows land, Ash is given a shock; the box turned out to be rigged so that the Trainer feels all the pain his Pokémon feels.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	Gary calls to Ash to give in, claiming the Pokémon are too strong, but Ash refuses to give up as he trusts his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	112	Gary calls to Ash to give in, claiming the Pokémon are too strong, but Ash refuses to give up as he trusts his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, using his Thunderbolt to attack all the opposing Pokémon at once.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 Ash greets his Pokémon celebrating their hard won victory.	
Pokémon	pokemon	204	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.	
Pokémon	pokemon	77	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	166	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 Realizing that they don't know where the Pokémon League is, they decide to head for Pallet Town to consult with Professor Oak.	
Pokédex	item	56	 The Leader then chooses Kingler, and Gary consults his Pokédex, which informs him that Kingler is the evolved form of Krabby.	
Pokédex	item	8	 Gary's Pokédex shows only static when he tries to scan it, claiming that there is no available data on the new Pokémon.	
Bubble	move	41	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.	
Rhydon	pokemon	172	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Rhydon	pokemon	76	 Ash calls out Pidgeotto and orders it to use Quick Attack which slams into Rhydon, inflicting damage to it.	
Rhydon	pokemon	69	 Ash then orders Pidgeotto to use Double-Edge, which also slams into Rhydon, causing more damage to it.	
Rhydon	pokemon	35	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Krabby	pokemon	120	 The Leader then chooses Kingler, and Gary consults his Pokédex, which informs him that Kingler is the evolved form of Krabby.	
Fearow	pokemon	91	 As Togepi flies up it bounces on a flag pole, catapulting it into the mouth of a startled Fearow who flies off with Togepi lodged in its throat.	
Fearow	pokemon	28	 The trio set off after the Fearow searching for Togepi.	
Fearow	pokemon	27	 As it flies over them the Fearow manages to dislodge Togepi sending it dropping down on top of James.	
Harden	move	71	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tries to grab it but Togepi easily evades her wandering out onto a wooden plank linking the building to the one next to it.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie crawls out onto the plank after it but when she reaches the middle the plank breaks beneath her sending her plummeting to the street below.	
Jessie	person	4	 As Jessie picks herself up Togepi lands on her head, allowing her to grab it before collapsing once more.	
Jessie	person	121	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
Jessie	person	154	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie then angrily sends Meowth flying.Jessie raises two platforms on either side of the battlefield and invites Ash to take his place as the challenger on the green platform.	
Jessie	person	41	 Jessie then angrily sends Meowth flying.Jessie raises two platforms on either side of the battlefield and invites Ash to take his place as the challenger on the green platform.	
Jessie	person	99	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie orders Machamp to use Karate Chop, striking Squirtle many times.	
Jessie	person	58	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends in Bulbasaur, prompting Jessie to switch to Kingler.	
Jessie	person	42	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Jessie	person	25	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.	
Jessie	person	43	 Sparks of electricity starts crackling at Jessie's feet which she notices.	
Jessie	person	5	 Now Jessie is on the receiving end of the pain.	
Jessie	person	43	 Seeing as they are now at a disadvantage, Jessie and James call on Arbok and Weezing to aid them.	
Jessie	person	124	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Jessie	person	15	Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth rush down the stairs to catch her but, despite making it down before her, miss the catch and she hits the ground.	
Meowth	pokemon	139	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
Meowth	pokemon	180	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
Meowth	pokemon	27	 Jessie then angrily sends Meowth flying.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, on the other hand, planned for just such an eventuality, and reveals a remote control, which can cause either platform to explode.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is about to press the button, but Gary tackles him, sending the remote flying.	
Meowth	pokemon	16	 As they argue, Meowth sees Togepi playing with the remote control.	
Meowth	pokemon	9	 Despite Meowth's protests, Togepi presses a button, forcing Meowth to reveal, far too late, that he had rigged both platforms to be able to explode.	
Meowth	pokemon	61	 Despite Meowth's protests, Togepi presses a button, forcing Meowth to reveal, far too late, that he had rigged both platforms to be able to explode.	
Tackle	move	29	 The Leader commences with a Tackle attack, to which Gary responds in kind, ordering a Tackle from his Nidoking, sending Golem flying backward to crash into the wall, defeated.	
Tackle	move	87	 The Leader commences with a Tackle attack, to which Gary responds in kind, ordering a Tackle from his Nidoking, sending Golem flying backward to crash into the wall, defeated.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi pats him on the head in attempt to comfort him.	
Togepi	pokemon	58	 Thinking it is Pikachu, Ash is so surprised when he sees Togepi that he launches it into the air.	
Togepi	pokemon	4	 As Togepi flies up it bounces on a flag pole, catapulting it into the mouth of a startled Fearow who flies off with Togepi lodged in its throat.	
Togepi	pokemon	117	 As Togepi flies up it bounces on a flag pole, catapulting it into the mouth of a startled Fearow who flies off with Togepi lodged in its throat.	
Togepi	pokemon	49	 The trio set off after the Fearow searching for Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	54	 As it flies over them the Fearow manages to dislodge Togepi sending it dropping down on top of James.	
Togepi	pokemon	29	 Jessie tries to grab it but Togepi easily evades her wandering out onto a wooden plank linking the building to the one next to it.	
Togepi	pokemon	28	 As Jessie picks herself up Togepi lands on her head, allowing her to grab it before collapsing once more.	
Togepi	pokemon	102	Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Togepi	pokemon	24	 During the discussion, Togepi was able to escape through an open door.	
Togepi	pokemon	62	Meanwhile, the three friends are still searching the city for Togepi, as they meet back at the front of the Gym none of them have seen Togepi anywhere.	
Togepi	pokemon	135	Meanwhile, the three friends are still searching the city for Togepi, as they meet back at the front of the Gym none of them have seen Togepi anywhere.	
Togepi	pokemon	19	 However they hear Togepi's voice coming from inside the Gym.	
Togepi	pokemon	47	 Pulling open the heavy doors reveals not only Togepi, but Gary and his fans lying unconscious on the ground.	
Togepi	pokemon	28	 As they argue, Meowth sees Togepi playing with the remote control.	
Togepi	pokemon	28	 Despite Meowth's protests, Togepi presses a button, forcing Meowth to reveal, far too late, that he had rigged both platforms to be able to explode.	
Brock	person	5	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Brock	person	37	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
James	person	96	 As it flies over them the Fearow manages to dislodge Togepi sending it dropping down on top of James.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth rush down the stairs to catch her but, despite making it down before her, miss the catch and she hits the ground.	
James	person	129	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
James	person	57	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
James	person	1	 James reveals that he rigged both sides, as it hadn't occurred to him that they might lose.	
James	person	54	 Seeing as they are now at a disadvantage, Jessie and James call on Arbok and Weezing to aid them.	
Misty	person	16	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Misty	person	26	 After being chastised by Misty, Ash excuses Pikachu's actions.	
Misty	person	12	 To counter Misty's claim that their motto is never any different they state that "today is very different" because they are now in charge of the Gym and the Earth Badge.	
Water	type	92	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.	
Badge	item	81	 As they stop outside its doors, Ash is all fired up to win his eighth and final Badge before he can compete in the Pokémon League.	
Badge	item	164	 To counter Misty's claim that their motto is never any different they state that "today is very different" because they are now in charge of the Gym and the Earth Badge.	
Badge	item	44	Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Badge	item	98	 Sure enough, the trio's platform blows up, sending Team Rocket blasting off again, and the Earth Badge falling into Ash's hands.	
Golem	pokemon	60	 Gary chooses Nidoking and the Leader responds by selecting Golem.	
Golem	pokemon	121	 The Leader commences with a Tackle attack, to which Gary responds in kind, ordering a Tackle from his Nidoking, sending Golem flying backward to crash into the wall, defeated.	
Arbok	pokemon	68	 Seeing as they are now at a disadvantage, Jessie and James call on Arbok and Weezing to aid them.	
Arbok	pokemon	84	 This show of force sends Machamp, Rhydon and Kingler running away, and Weezing and Arbok crashing into the equally shocked Jessie.	
Fire	type	52	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Fire	type	12	 Arcanine's Fire Blast is sufficient to beat Kingler.	
Poké	item	185	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
Gary	person	49	 The group is then interrupted by the arrival of Gary along with his cheering squad.	
Gary	person	12	 Once again Gary boasts that he is further along the path to the Pokémon League, having already earned ten Badges compared to Ash's seven.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary heads into the Gym to challenge the Gym Leader, followed by his cheering squad.	
Gary	person	21	 Ash tries to follow Gary, but is blocked by the guards, who will only permit one Trainer in the Gym at a time.	
Gary	person	39	Ash is disappointed and depressed that Gary will still continue to get further and further ahead of him, and he crouches down in a corner to wallow in his misery.	
Gary	person	48	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary chooses Nidoking and the Leader responds by selecting Golem.	
Gary	person	53	 The Leader commences with a Tackle attack, to which Gary responds in kind, ordering a Tackle from his Nidoking, sending Golem flying backward to crash into the wall, defeated.	
Gary	person	38	 The Leader then chooses Kingler, and Gary consults his Pokédex, which informs him that Kingler is the evolved form of Krabby.	
Gary	person	33	 Nidoking dodges the attack, but Gary recalls him.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary then chooses Arcanine.	
Gary	person	108	 Ordering Arcanine to perform Take Down followed by Fire Spin, Kingler is sent reeling amidst cheering from Gary's fans.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary's Pokédex shows only static when he tries to scan it, claiming that there is no available data on the new Pokémon.	
Gary	person	28	 The Leader offers to allow Gary to use more than one Pokémon if he is afraid of losing.	
Gary	person	57	 Despite protestations that he isn't afraid of anything, Gary sends both Arcanine and Nidoking forth to do battle.	
Gary	person	57	 The Leader gloats that this Pokémon is invincible, and Gary is on the verge of panicking.	
Gary	person	59	 Pulling open the heavy doors reveals not only Togepi, but Gary and his fans lying unconscious on the ground.	
Gary	person	14	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Gary	person	42	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary's fans are inconsolable, unable to believe that their hero lost a battle.	
Gary	person	4	 As Gary announces that no one will ever beat the Pokémon, Team Rocket appears and begins to recite their motto, however they are interrupted by Ash, and his friends.	
Gary	person	121	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.Gary calls to Ash to give in, claiming the Pokémon are too strong, but Ash refuses to give up as he trusts his Pokémon.	
Gary	person	42	 Meowth is about to press the button, but Gary tackles him, sending the remote flying.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.	
Gary	person	49	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.	
Gary	person	86	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
Gym	building	80	Ash, Brock, and Misty are walking through Viridian City heading to the Viridian Gym.	
Gym	building	21	 Gary heads into the Gym to challenge the Gym Leader, followed by his cheering squad.	
Gym	building	42	 Gary heads into the Gym to challenge the Gym Leader, followed by his cheering squad.	
Gym	building	97	 Ash tries to follow Gary, but is blocked by the guards, who will only permit one Trainer in the Gym at a time.	
Gym	building	38	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Gym	building	92	The scene cuts to the interior of the Gym where Gary, supported by his fans, challenges the Gym Leader, who is shrouded in shadows, boasting that he is the best Trainer in Pallet Town.	
Gym	building	86	Team Rocket meet their boss, Giovanni, revealing him to be the Leader of the Viridian Gym, presenting Togepi to him for his approval.	
Gym	building	163	 They are allowed a brief reprieve when the phone on Giovanni's desk rings calling him to deal with an accident, leaving Jessie, James and Meowth in charge of the Gym giving them three Poké Balls to use if necessary.	
Gym	building	108	Meanwhile, the three friends are still searching the city for Togepi, as they meet back at the front of the Gym none of them have seen Togepi anywhere.	
Gym	building	57	 However they hear Togepi's voice coming from inside the Gym.	
Gym	building	146	 To counter Misty's claim that their motto is never any different they state that "today is very different" because they are now in charge of the Gym and the Earth Badge.	
Gym	building	53	 When the trio demands to know why Team Rocket has a Gym James explains that Team Rocket's plans are far too complex for them to understand before asking Jessie what they are, who Meowth reveals, doesn't know them either.	
Gym	building	36	 They all are forced to flee as the Gym begins to collapse around them.	
Ash	person	33	 As they stop outside its doors, Ash is all fired up to win his eighth and final Badge before he can compete in the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	111	 So fired up, in fact, that Pikachu lights a fire in front of him to mirror his feelings, accidentally setting Ash's toe on fire in the process.	
Ash	person	33	 After being chastised by Misty, Ash excuses Pikachu's actions.	
Ash	person	127	 Once again Gary boasts that he is further along the path to the Pokémon League, having already earned ten Badges compared to Ash's seven.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to follow Gary, but is blocked by the guards, who will only permit one Trainer in the Gym at a time.Ash is disappointed and depressed that Gary will still continue to get further and further ahead of him, and he crouches down in a corner to wallow in his misery.	
Ash	person	111	 Ash tries to follow Gary, but is blocked by the guards, who will only permit one Trainer in the Gym at a time.Ash is disappointed and depressed that Gary will still continue to get further and further ahead of him, and he crouches down in a corner to wallow in his misery.	
Ash	person	25	 Thinking it is Pikachu, Ash is so surprised when he sees Togepi that he launches it into the air.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Ash	person	130	 As Ash pulls Gary back to consciousness, Gary says that the mysterious Pokémon is not only powerful, it's evil as well, despite Ash's assertion that there can't be an evil Pokémon.	
Ash	person	146	 As Gary announces that no one will ever beat the Pokémon, Team Rocket appears and begins to recite their motto, however they are interrupted by Ash, and his friends.	
Ash	person	74	Jessie raises two platforms on either side of the battlefield and invites Ash to take his place as the challenger on the green platform.	
Ash	person	84	 Despite his friends warnings that Team Rocket have probably booby trapped the box, Ash ascends as Jessie calls the three Pokémon Giovanni gave her; Machamp, Kingler, and Rhydon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls out Squirtle, and the battle begins.	
Ash	person	20	 As the blows land, Ash is given a shock; the box turned out to be rigged so that the Trainer feels all the pain his Pokémon feels.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends in Bulbasaur, prompting Jessie to switch to Kingler.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Jessie orders Kingler to use Harden.	
Ash	person	64	 Pressing the advantage, Jessie orders a Bubble attack, causing Ash to feel the pain as the Water move strikes Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	14	Gary calls to Ash to give in, claiming the Pokémon are too strong, but Ash refuses to give up as he trusts his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	72	Gary calls to Ash to give in, claiming the Pokémon are too strong, but Ash refuses to give up as he trusts his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls out Pidgeotto and orders it to use Quick Attack which slams into Rhydon, inflicting damage to it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then orders Pidgeotto to use Double-Edge, which also slams into Rhydon, causing more damage to it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, using his Thunderbolt to attack all the opposing Pokémon at once.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash greets his Pokémon celebrating their hard won victory.	
Ash	person	27	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Ash	person	78	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Ash	person	133	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Ash	person	231	 Gary's fans do a cheer in Ash's honor, and even Gary is forced to admit that Ash is a pretty good Trainer, although he still thinks Ash, or anyone else for that matter, won't be able to beat the mystery Pokémon that he witnessed.Ash approaches Jessie and demands the Earth Badge as proof of his victory, citing he earned it for beating her fair and square, but she refuses.	
Ash	person	117	 Sure enough, the trio's platform blows up, sending Team Rocket blasting off again, and the Earth Badge falling into Ash's hands.	
Ash	person	102	As the Trio continues their journey, Brock wonders if they will ever see the Pokémon Gary saw, while Ash is only interested in his eight Badges -- his ticket to the Pokémon League.	
Oak	person	124	 Realizing that they don't know where the Pokémon League is, they decide to head for Pallet Town to consult with Professor Oak.	
