Team Rocket's Meowth	pokemon	91	 While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon.	
Viridian Gym	building	53	 Their boss is angry at them for the incident at the Viridian Gym, but they hastily apologize and get away.	
Pallet Town	settlement	53	Ash and his friends are getting closer and closer to Pallet Town.	
Team Rocket	group	56	At the same time, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive at a Team Rocket building.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 Suddenly, the lights go off and Team Rocket comes in to steal the show.	
Team Rocket	group	4	 As Team Rocket sits and talks about how they are going to present "Mr.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	91	 While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 Needless to say, Team Rocket is upset and start to plan on getting the real Mr.	
Team Rocket	group	63	 The real Ash then arrives in the Meowth balloon he stole from Team Rocket and comes home.	
Team Rocket	group	7	Later, Team Rocket bursts out with a tank trying to steal the Pokémon from the circus.	
Team Rocket	group	25	 Mime try to escape, but Team Rocket turns around and homes in on them.	
Team Rocket	group	76	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks.	
Thunderbolt	move	26	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks.	
Charizard	pokemon	19	 He then sends out Charizard, but it doesn't obey him.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	48	 The wall is completely invisible, created by a Mr. Mime.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	23	 They look up to see a Mr. Mime climbing up the invisible wall.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	73	 Just then, a girl named Stella from the circus shows up to try to catch Mr. Mime.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	27	 This commotion causes the Mr. Mime to get away.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	33	 The star of the show is her own Mr. Mime, but unfortunately it will no longer perform because of her harsh training towards it.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	27	 So, when Stella shows her Mr. Mime to Ash and friends they see it sitting around lazily eating snacks.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	39	 Brock tells Stella that he will get a Mr. Mime for her.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	54	 When Ash is confused as to how Brock would catch the Mr. Mime, Brock tells him that someone should dress up as Mr.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	61	 Mime and perform in the circus with the hopes that Stella's Mr. Mime will see this and get jealous.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	27	 They hope it will lead to Mr. Mime wanting to perform in the circus once again.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	34	Ash ends up having to dress up as Mr. Mime.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	46	 Since Ash doesn't know how to perform any of Mr. Mime's tricks, Stella puts Ash into training before the show.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	85	 Ash comes to find that her training is very harsh, and empathizes with the Stella's Mr. Mime.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	52	 Eventually, the circus show begins and Ash, in the Mr. Mime costume, comes out and performs, which everyone falls for.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	81	 After performing their motto, they capture Ash and leave, thinking that he is a Mr. Mime.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	68	 As Team Rocket sits and talks about how they are going to present "Mr. Mime" to the boss, Ash unties himself and reveals that it was him in a costume all along.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	77	 Needless to say, Team Rocket is upset and start to plan on getting the real Mr. Mime as soon as possible.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	31	 Just as they are leaving, the Mr. Mime from the beginning comes knocking on the window.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	37	 His mom realizes that it was a real Mr. Mime, and then Ash asks Mr.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	16	 Ash's mom asks Mr. Mime to help Ash, offering him a big dessert if it helps, and it agrees.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	16	 Stella and her Mr. Mime try to escape, but Team Rocket turns around and homes in on them.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	26	 Ash's mom then tells her Mr. Mime to help, and it builds a wall to block them.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	10	 Stella's Mr. Mime sees this and, when the tank turns around, builds another wall to block them from the other side.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	21	In the end, the wild Mr. Mime ends up going with Delia and becomes a helpful hand around the house.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	10	 Stella's Mr. Mime ends up forgiving her for her harsh training and agrees to perform in the circus again.	
Viridian	settlement	53	 Their boss is angry at them for the incident at the Viridian Gym, but they hastily apologize and get away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	113	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks.	
Pokémon	pokemon	57	Stella then brings them to the circus, where she has her Pokémon perform tricks for the show.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 As they sit in their balloon thinking of a way to get rare Pokémon, a flyer for the Pokémon Circus flies by.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	 As they sit in their balloon thinking of a way to get rare Pokémon, a flyer for the Pokémon Circus flies by.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	Later, Team Rocket bursts out with a tank trying to steal the Pokémon from the circus.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 The circus helpers get into their trucks and try to escape with the remaining Pokémon, but they are trapped too.	
Jessie	person	18	At the same time, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive at a Team Rocket building.	
Meowth	pokemon	37	At the same time, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive at a Team Rocket building.	
Meowth	pokemon	105	 While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon.	
Meowth	pokemon	34	 The real Ash then arrives in the Meowth balloon he stole from Team Rocket and comes home.	
Stella	person	25	 Just then, a girl named Stella from the circus shows up to try to catch Mr.	
Stella	person	88	 Ash protests that he was going to catch it, but Brock holds him back because he thinks Stella is beautiful.	
Stella	person	18	 Mime to get away.Stella then brings them to the circus, where she has her Pokémon perform tricks for the show.	
Stella	person	10	 So, when Stella shows her Mr.	
Stella	person	13	 Brock tells Stella that he will get a Mr.	
Stella	person	52	 Mime and perform in the circus with the hopes that Stella's Mr.	
Stella	person	16	 Mime's tricks, Stella puts Ash into training before the show.	
Stella	person	76	 Ash comes to find that her training is very harsh, and empathizes with the Stella's Mr.	
Stella	person	1	 Stella and her Mr.	
Stella	person	1	 Stella's Mr.	
Stella	person	1	 Stella's Mr.	
Stella	person	1	 Stella agrees to not train as harshly anymore.	
Brock	person	49	 Ash protests that he was going to catch it, but Brock holds him back because he thinks Stella is beautiful.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock tells Stella that he will get a Mr.	
Brock	person	32	 When Ash is confused as to how Brock would catch the Mr.	
Brock	person	7	 Mime, Brock tells him that someone should dress up as Mr.	
Brock	person	36	Meanwhile, Ash's mom, Delia, brings Brock and Misty to her house for lunch.	
James	person	26	At the same time, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive at a Team Rocket building.	
Misty	person	46	Meanwhile, Ash's mom, Delia, brings Brock and Misty to her house for lunch.	
Delia	person	22	Meanwhile, Ash's mom, Delia, brings Brock and Misty to her house for lunch.	
Delia	person	25	 Mime ends up going with Delia and becomes a helpful hand around the house.	
Gym	building	62	 Their boss is angry at them for the incident at the Viridian Gym, but they hastily apologize and get away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is excited to get back, but just as he runs towards home, he crashes into a wall.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash protests that he was going to catch it, but Brock holds him back because he thinks Stella is beautiful.	
Ash	person	9	 Mime to Ash and friends they see it sitting around lazily eating snacks.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash is confused as to how Brock would catch the Mr.	
Ash	person	46	 They pick it up and start to think of a plan.Ash ends up having to dress up as Mr.	
Ash	person	7	 Since Ash doesn't know how to perform any of Mr.	
Ash	person	28	 Mime's tricks, Stella puts Ash into training before the show.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comes to find that her training is very harsh, and empathizes with the Stella's Mr.	
Ash	person	40	 Eventually, the circus show begins and Ash, in the Mr.	
Ash	person	44	 After performing their motto, they capture Ash and leave, thinking that he is a Mr.	
Ash	person	20	 Mime" to the boss, Ash unties himself and reveals that it was him in a costume all along.	
Ash	person	31	 While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon.	
Ash	person	11	Meanwhile, Ash's mom, Delia, brings Brock and Misty to her house for lunch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom thinks it's Ash, and brings him in for a snack.	
Ash	person	23	 Ash's mom thinks it's Ash, and brings him in for a snack.	
Ash	person	10	 The real Ash then arrives in the Meowth balloon he stole from Team Rocket and comes home.	
Ash	person	16	 Mime, and then Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom asks Mr.	
Ash	person	14	 Mime to help Ash, offering him a big dessert if it helps, and it agrees.	
Ash	person	37	 As they are about capture them too, Ash comes in to interfere, and he is reunited with his friends as well as his mom.	
Ash	person	100	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom then tells her Mr.	
