Indigo Plateau	region	69	 Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing.	
Team Rocket HQ	region	80	The episode then switches to Team Rocket walking down a dirt path to go back to Team Rocket HQ.	
Pokémon League	group	22	Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place.	
Pokémon League	group	34	 Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing.	
Pokémon League	group	86	 Gary then makes his departure, saying that he and Ash could have their battle at the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	5	 The Pokémon League isn't for two months.	
Professor Oak	person	29	The episode then switches to Professor Oak's laboratory.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak seems excited to see Togepi.	
Professor Oak	person	90	Ash seems unhappy when he sees Gary, his long-time childhood friend and bitter rival, and Professor Oak's grandson.	
Professor Oak	person	45	 They both immediately begin to argue before Professor Oak tells them that the two top Trainers of Pallet Town should get along.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak then goes on to talk about the other Trainers from Pallet Town.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing.	
Professor Oak	person	54	 Delia tells them that her son is with his friends at Professor Oak's laboratory.	
Professor Oak	person	14	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Professor Oak	person	67	 Gary then suggests to go see all of the Pokémon he's caught, and Professor Oak agrees.	
Professor Oak	person	31	Upon arriving at the lab where Professor Oak keeps all of the Pokémon from Pallet Trainers, there seems to be thousands of Pokémon.	
Professor Oak	person	121	 Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.Professor Oak goes on to explain that people have different personalities, thus different ways of caring for Pokémon.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak tells them that is exactly the reason, because he wants to learn more about Pokémon and their mysteries.	
Professor Oak	person	29	 They take the back route to Professor Oak's research field.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak explains his day, and says that he starts off by checking on all of the Pokémon's health.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak then states that Pokémon frequently become more and more like their Trainers.	
Professor Oak	person	130	 After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.	
Professor Oak	person	66	The episode switches back to Team Rocket climbing rocks to get to Professor Oak's lab after escaping the Beedrill.	
Professor Oak	person	27	 Ash then compliments that Professor Oak must have all the kinds of Pokémon there are.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak disagrees and says that there are many more Pokémon not yet discovered.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak realizes it was coming from the electric Pokémon preserve.	
Professor Oak	person	10	 Gary and Professor Oak are stunned to hear a talking Meowth.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first.	
Electric-type	type	55	 Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.	
Safari Balls	item	46	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Ash's Tauros	pokemon	55	 Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first.	
Ash's Krabby	pokemon	26	 Once Gary gets a look at Ash's Krabby, he doesn't think much of it.	
Ash's Krabby	pokemon	46	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Pallet Town	settlement	99	 They both immediately begin to argue before Professor Oak tells them that the two top Trainers of Pallet Town should get along.	
Pallet Town	settlement	66	 Professor Oak then goes on to talk about the other Trainers from Pallet Town.	
Team Rocket	group	29	The episode then switches to Team Rocket walking down a dirt path to go back to Team Rocket HQ.	
Team Rocket	group	80	The episode then switches to Team Rocket walking down a dirt path to go back to Team Rocket HQ.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket turns around and run toward the Headquarters.	
Team Rocket	group	26	 With renewed confidence, Team Rocket aspires to catch more Pokémon, while Meowth mentions to go on with the show.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is at the door, disguised as a news crew.	
Team Rocket	group	24	The episode switches to Team Rocket, out of their disguises.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket make a break for it, only to slam into a Snorlax.	
Team Rocket	group	29	The episode switches back to Team Rocket climbing rocks to get to Professor Oak's lab after escaping the Beedrill.	
Team Rocket	group	78	 Suddenly, an angered Onix comes up from out of the ground and starts chasing Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	78	 Upon arrival, they see that many Voltorb and Electrode have blown up because Team Rocket trotted onto their territory.Team Rocket then tells them that they are there to steal Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	119	 Upon arrival, they see that many Voltorb and Electrode have blown up because Team Rocket trotted onto their territory.Team Rocket then tells them that they are there to steal Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then does their motto.	
Grass-type	type	44	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Water-type	type	22	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Rock-type	type	76	 Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	57	 When Jessie puts her hand back down, it lands atop of a Sandshrew's head.	
Sandshrew	pokemon	1	 Sandshrew, unlike Geodude, is angry and scratches Jessie's face multiple times.	
Electrode	pokemon	46	 Upon arrival, they see that many Voltorb and Electrode have blown up because Team Rocket trotted onto their territory.	
Poké Ball	item	15	 He throws his Poké Ball, happy to be competing in the Indigo League.	
the Boss	person	24	 Too afraid to see what the Boss would say, they quickly yell they quit before trying to run off.	
Beedrill	pokemon	27	 In an instant, a swarm of Beedrill fly at them.	
Beedrill	pokemon	105	The episode switches back to Team Rocket climbing rocks to get to Professor Oak's lab after escaping the Beedrill.	
Electric	type	55	 Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	33	 Unfortunately, he wakes up with Mr. Mime using the vacuum to clean his face.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	16	 When Ash tells Mr. Mime to suck the smirk off Misty's face, Mr.	
Mr. Mime	pokemon	24	 His mother claims that Mr. Mime only listens to her and has him go pick vegetables from the garden.	
Giovanni	person	46	 Before he can answer, a helicopter comes for Giovanni.	
Giovanni	person	56	 Jessie asks if there is anything they can do, to which Giovanni replies that they can do their job for a change.	
Persian	pokemon	40	 He then boards the helicopter with his Persian.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 Misty then answers that Ash would use Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	Team Rocket then tells them that they are there to steal Pikachu.	
Voltorb	pokemon	34	 Upon arrival, they see that many Voltorb and Electrode have blown up because Team Rocket trotted onto their territory.	
Psyduck	pokemon	39	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Trainer	person	65	 Both are in disbelief that the other could be considered a 'top Trainer.	
Trainer	person	36	 Gary says that the more Pokémon a Trainer has, the better chance of winning.	
Geodude	pokemon	61	 Brock asks what kind of Pokémon Gary would use against his Geodude.	
Geodude	pokemon	40	 Jessie accidentally grabs hands with a Geodude.	
Geodude	pokemon	1	 Geodude blushes, but is thrown away.	
Geodude	pokemon	19	 Sandshrew, unlike Geodude, is angry and scratches Jessie's face multiple times.	
Pokémon	pokemon	78	 They begin complaining about how they haven't successfully captured a single Pokémon for their Boss.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 Before taking a few steps, the Headquarters explodes and a mysterious Pokémon flies out of the debris.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 With renewed confidence, Team Rocket aspires to catch more Pokémon, while Meowth mentions to go on with the show.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 They claim they are from PNN, Pokémon News Network for short, and they want to interview her son for a show called 'Pokémon Masters of Tomorrow'.	
Pokémon	pokemon	118	 They claim they are from PNN, Pokémon News Network for short, and they want to interview her son for a show called 'Pokémon Masters of Tomorrow'.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 He then goes on to say that he rotates his Pokémon, and that Ash probably didn't.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 He also states that Ash probably uses the same Pokémon all the time.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 Brock asks what kind of Pokémon Gary would use against his Geodude.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	Finally, Gary asks him how many Pokémon he's captured.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 However, Gary captured way more Pokémon than Ash did.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Gary then suggests to go see all of the Pokémon he's caught, and Professor Oak agrees.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	Upon arriving at the lab where Professor Oak keeps all of the Pokémon from Pallet Trainers, there seems to be thousands of Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	124	Upon arriving at the lab where Professor Oak keeps all of the Pokémon from Pallet Trainers, there seems to be thousands of Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 Gary is then shown to have caught 200 Pokémon, if more than one of the same types are included.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 Gary says that the more Pokémon a Trainer has, the better chance of winning.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.	
Pokémon	pokemon	94	 Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.	
Pokémon	pokemon	109	Professor Oak goes on to explain that people have different personalities, thus different ways of caring for Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	 He also says that Pokémon needed to be respected and cared for like people.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 Brock asks if that was why he decided to take care of so many different Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	91	 Professor Oak tells them that is exactly the reason, because he wants to learn more about Pokémon and their mysteries.	
Pokémon	pokemon	87	 Professor Oak explains his day, and says that he starts off by checking on all of the Pokémon's health.	
Pokémon	pokemon	30	 By the afternoon, he studies Pokémon and has recently been studying individual Pokémon of the same types.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 By the afternoon, he studies Pokémon and has recently been studying individual Pokémon of the same types.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Then it is time for dinner and he puts the Pokémon back in their Poké Balls.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Professor Oak then states that Pokémon frequently become more and more like their Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Misty is seen admiring the water Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Ash then compliments that Professor Oak must have all the kinds of Pokémon there are.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Professor Oak disagrees and says that there are many more Pokémon not yet discovered.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.	
Pokémon	pokemon	135	 Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	Ash and Gary both agree that they want to catch as many Pokémon as they can.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 Professor Oak realizes it was coming from the electric Pokémon preserve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	 Gary then makes his departure, saying that he and Ash could have their battle at the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon League isn't for two months.	
Snorlax	pokemon	54	 Team Rocket make a break for it, only to slam into a Snorlax.	
Pokédex	item	27	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Tauros	pokemon	39	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Tauros	pokemon	76	 Gary challenges them to a fight, but before the fight begins, Ash's thirty Tauros stampede at them, sending them blasting off.	
Tauros	pokemon	61	 Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first.	
Krabby	pokemon	7	' Then Krabby walks over with a few drinks.	
Krabby	pokemon	32	 Once Gary gets a look at Ash's Krabby, he doesn't think much of it.	
Krabby	pokemon	52	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Krabby	pokemon	93	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Krabby	pokemon	91	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Krabby	pokemon	37	 After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.	
Jessie	person	13	 Frightened, Jessie and Meowth hide behind James.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie asks if there is anything they can do, to which Giovanni replies that they can do their job for a change.	
Jessie	person	14	 By accident, Jessie kicks a pebble into a tree, knocking down Kakuna.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie accidentally grabs hands with a Geodude.	
Jessie	person	6	 When Jessie puts her hand back down, it lands atop of a Sandshrew's head.	
Jessie	person	51	 Sandshrew, unlike Geodude, is angry and scratches Jessie's face multiple times.	
Jessie	person	19	 Then it kicks off Jessie's face and runs off.	
Meowth	pokemon	24	 Frightened, Jessie and Meowth hide behind James.	
Meowth	pokemon	76	 With renewed confidence, Team Rocket aspires to catch more Pokémon, while Meowth mentions to go on with the show.	
Meowth	pokemon	54	 Gary and Professor Oak are stunned to hear a talking Meowth.	
Kakuna	pokemon	63	 By accident, Jessie kicks a pebble into a tree, knocking down Kakuna.	
Vulpix	pokemon	110	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Togepi	pokemon	36	 Professor Oak seems excited to see Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	53	 Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.	
Grass	type	44	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Doduo	pokemon	34	As they walk through the field, a Doduo walks up to the gang.	
Doduo	pokemon	29	 It is revealed to be Gary's Doduo.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks what kind of Pokémon Gary would use against his Geodude.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock asks if that was why he decided to take care of so many different Pokémon.	
Brock	person	52	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
James	person	43	 Frightened, Jessie and Meowth hide behind James.	
Suzie	person	88	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Suzie	person	123	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty smirks and tells him it was okay to go another week without a bath.	
Misty	person	28	 Mime to suck the smirk off Misty's face, Mr.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then answers that Ash would use Pikachu.	
Misty	person	20	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is seen admiring the water Pokémon.	
Delia	person	1	 Delia tells them that her son is with his friends at Professor Oak's laboratory.	
Water	type	22	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Mimey	pokemon	72	 Upon asking if Ash is home, they are literally swept off their feet by Mimey doing his chores.	
Onix	pokemon	22	 Suddenly, an angered Onix comes up from out of the ground and starts chasing Team Rocket.	
Poké	item	15	 He throws his Poké Ball, happy to be competing in the Indigo League.	
Poké	item	66	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Poké	item	43	 He then decides which to let out of their Poké Balls and into a habitat built especially for that type, and feeds them breakfast.	
Poké	item	67	 Then it is time for dinner and he puts the Pokémon back in their Poké Balls.	
Gary	person	31	Ash seems unhappy when he sees Gary, his long-time childhood friend and bitter rival, and Professor Oak's grandson.	
Gary	person	6	 Once Gary gets a look at Ash's Krabby, he doesn't think much of it.	
Gary	person	25	 Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.	
Gary	person	63	Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place.	
Gary	person	42	 Ash figured that he'd beat them all, but Gary thought that he'd beat Ash either way.	
Gary	person	35	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Gary	person	34	 Brock asks what kind of Pokémon Gary would use against his Geodude.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.	
Gary	person	9	Finally, Gary asks him how many Pokémon he's captured.	
Gary	person	50	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Gary	person	10	 However, Gary captured way more Pokémon than Ash did.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary then suggests to go see all of the Pokémon he's caught, and Professor Oak agrees.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary is then shown to have caught 200 Pokémon, if more than one of the same types are included.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary says that the more Pokémon a Trainer has, the better chance of winning.	
Gary	person	29	 Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.	
Gary	person	22	 It is revealed to be Gary's Doduo.	
Gary	person	8	Ash and Gary both agree that they want to catch as many Pokémon as they can.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary then suggests a battle for practice.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary and Professor Oak are stunned to hear a talking Meowth.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary challenges them to a fight, but before the fight begins, Ash's thirty Tauros stampede at them, sending them blasting off.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary then makes his departure, saying that he and Ash could have their battle at the Pokémon League.	
Boss	person	97	 They begin complaining about how they haven't successfully captured a single Pokémon for their Boss.	
Boss	person	28	 Too afraid to see what the Boss would say, they quickly yell they quit before trying to run off.	
Rock	type	76	 Gary mocks him, saying it'd be a bad move to match an Electric-type with a Rock-type.	
Ash	person	65	The episode begins with a crowd of people cheering for our hero, Ash.	
Ash	person	57	 However, upon throwing the ball, it comes right back at Ash, becoming ever-so large.	
Ash	person	19	Giving a big yawn, Ash walks into the kitchen where his friends and mother are waiting for him.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash tells Mr.	
Ash	person	43	 Professor Oak seems excited to see Togepi.Ash seems unhappy when he sees Gary, his long-time childhood friend and bitter rival, and Professor Oak's grandson.	
Ash	person	26	 Once Gary gets a look at Ash's Krabby, he doesn't think much of it.	
Ash	person	52	 Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place.	
Ash	person	66	 Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.Ash, pumped about the Pokémon League, tries to run off before Gary calls to him, asking him if he even knew where the League was going to take place.	
Ash	person	12	 Of course, Ash has no idea because he came to find that out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash figured that he'd beat them all, but Gary thought that he'd beat Ash either way.	
Ash	person	70	 Ash figured that he'd beat them all, but Gary thought that he'd beat Ash either way.	
Ash	person	34	The episode switches to a view of Ash's house.	
Ash	person	22	 A doorbell rings and Ash's mom goes to answer it.	
Ash	person	16	 Upon asking if Ash is home, they are literally swept off their feet by Mimey doing his chores.	
Ash	person	46	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Ash	person	63	 He then goes on to say that he rotates his Pokémon, and that Ash probably didn't.	
Ash	person	21	 He also states that Ash probably uses the same Pokémon all the time.	
Ash	person	76	 Gary says he'd use a Water-type and have a Grass-type as back-up, and asks Ash what kind of Pokémon he'd use.	
Ash	person	25	 Misty then answers that Ash would use Pikachu.	
Ash	person	88	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Ash	person	47	 However, Gary captured way more Pokémon than Ash did.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash retaliates, saying that Gary's Pokémon are not his friends, and that being friends with Pokémon is more important.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then says that Misty is more like Psyduck, and Brock begins to go on about how, if Suzie still loves her Vulpix, then Suzie loves him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then compliments that Professor Oak must have all the kinds of Pokémon there are.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.Ash and Gary both agree that they want to catch as many Pokémon as they can.	
Ash	person	183	 Ash thinks about it for a moment, and realizes that Togepi is a Pokémon no one ever saw before, and then he remembers the mysterious Pokémon he saw at the beginning of his journey.Ash and Gary both agree that they want to catch as many Pokémon as they can.	
Ash	person	8	 Before Ash can respond, there is an explosion at the far-end of the field, followed by some smoke.	
Ash	person	63	 Gary challenges them to a fight, but before the fight begins, Ash's thirty Tauros stampede at them, sending them blasting off.	
Ash	person	51	 Gary then makes his departure, saying that he and Ash could have their battle at the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees and says that he'd get working right away.	
Ash	person	55	 Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends then begin working on the fence, knowing they'll have plenty of time to train.	
Oak	person	39	The episode then switches to Professor Oak's laboratory.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak seems excited to see Togepi.	
Oak	person	100	Ash seems unhappy when he sees Gary, his long-time childhood friend and bitter rival, and Professor Oak's grandson.	
Oak	person	55	 They both immediately begin to argue before Professor Oak tells them that the two top Trainers of Pallet Town should get along.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak then goes on to talk about the other Trainers from Pallet Town.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak said that Gary had ten Badges, while Ash had eight.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak tells him that the Pokémon League would be on top of Indigo Plateau in two months, and more than 200 Trainers would be competing.	
Oak	person	64	 Delia tells them that her son is with his friends at Professor Oak's laboratory.	
Oak	person	24	Going back to Professor Oak's lab, Gary mocks Ash's Krabby and shows off his own – a giant Krabby.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak scans their Pokédex, to find that Gary has seen only 60 Pokémon, while Ash has seen more than 100.	
Oak	person	77	 Gary then suggests to go see all of the Pokémon he's caught, and Professor Oak agrees.	
Oak	person	41	Upon arriving at the lab where Professor Oak keeps all of the Pokémon from Pallet Trainers, there seems to be thousands of Pokémon.	
Oak	person	10	Professor Oak goes on to explain that people have different personalities, thus different ways of caring for Pokémon.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak tells them that is exactly the reason, because he wants to learn more about Pokémon and their mysteries.	
Oak	person	39	 They take the back route to Professor Oak's research field.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak explains his day, and says that he starts off by checking on all of the Pokémon's health.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak then states that Pokémon frequently become more and more like their Trainers.	
Oak	person	140	 After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.	
Oak	person	76	The episode switches back to Team Rocket climbing rocks to get to Professor Oak's lab after escaping the Beedrill.	
Oak	person	37	 Ash then compliments that Professor Oak must have all the kinds of Pokémon there are.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak disagrees and says that there are many more Pokémon not yet discovered.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak realizes it was coming from the electric Pokémon preserve.	
Oak	person	20	 Gary and Professor Oak are stunned to hear a talking Meowth.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak makes him and his friends fix the fence Ash's Tauros broke, first.	
Muk	pokemon	102	 Ash has his own shelf with his thirty Tauros Safari Balls, and 2 Poké Balls belonging to Krabby and Muk, respectively.	
Muk	pokemon	29	 After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.	
Muk	pokemon	102	 After explaining that since Muk and Krabby usually stay with him, that they've become more like him, Muk rushes over and tackles Professor Oak to the ground.	
