Professor Westwood V	person	67	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Team Rocket's Boss	person	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's Boss is taking a vacation on the beach and making Jessie and James dig for clams.	
Seafoam Islands	region	49	Ash's mom and his friends are going to go to the Seafoam Islands.	
Seafoam Islands	region	43	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Seafoam Islands	region	72	Happy to have an excuse to go to the beach, Ash and Pikachu head to the Seafoam Islands.	
Professor Oak	person	13	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's Boss is taking a vacation on the beach and making Jessie and James dig for clams.	
Team Rocket	group	5	 The Team Rocket members arrive in a parasail and startle everyone, especially Professor Westwood, who tries to escape.	
Team Rocket	group	51	 Westwood tries to run away with his Slowpoke, but Team Rocket catches up and sends out the Shellder to make it evolve into Slowbro.	
Team Rocket	group	98	Psyduck, now much more powerful because of its headache, uses Disable to stop everyone and causes Team Rocket to fly off into the distance with Confusion.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket runs back to grab Slowbro, but it uses Mega Punch, causing Team Rocket to blast off again.	
Team Rocket	group	72	 Team Rocket runs back to grab Slowbro, but it uses Mega Punch, causing Team Rocket to blast off again.	
Mega Punch	move	52	 Team Rocket runs back to grab Slowbro, but it uses Mega Punch, causing Team Rocket to blast off again.	
Mega Punch	move	125	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Confusion	move	144	Psyduck, now much more powerful because of its headache, uses Disable to stop everyone and causes Team Rocket to fly off into the distance with Confusion.	
Poké Ball	item	26	 Psyduck comes out of its Poké Ball and talks to the Slowpoke.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	80	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	59	 He happens to also be trying to figure out the mystery of Slowpoke and Shellder.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	53	 Westwood goes outside to fish, trying to understand Slowpoke.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	29	 Ash and his friends examine Slowpoke sitting next to them.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	54	 Psyduck comes out of its Poké Ball and talks to the Slowpoke.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	21	 It first grabs onto Slowpoke's tail, and then Psyduck's, leaving it in great pain jumping up and down.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	62	 They find that the only Pokémon Professor Westwood has is a Slowpoke.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	37	 Westwood tries to run away with his Slowpoke, but Team Rocket catches up and sends out the Shellder to make it evolve into Slowbro.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	4	 As Slowpoke walks toward Psyduck to say thanks, it trips and Shellder clamps onto its tail, evolving it.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	26	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	102	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Slowpoke	pokemon	179	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Shellder	pokemon	72	 He happens to also be trying to figure out the mystery of Slowpoke and Shellder.	
Shellder	pokemon	54	 Upset that they cannot take a break, James digs up a Shellder and decides to try to capture it.	
Shellder	pokemon	41	 James calls out Weezing and defeats the Shellder, but Jessie steps up to capture it.	
Shellder	pokemon	92	 Westwood tries to run away with his Slowpoke, but Team Rocket catches up and sends out the Shellder to make it evolve into Slowbro.	
Shellder	pokemon	32	 Jessie gets mad and throws the Shellder again, but it clamps onto Psyduck's head this time, giving it a major headache.	
Shellder	pokemon	62	 As Slowpoke walks toward Psyduck to say thanks, it trips and Shellder clamps onto its tail, evolving it.	
Shellder	pokemon	84	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Shellder	pokemon	141	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	Happy to have an excuse to go to the beach, Ash and Pikachu head to the Seafoam Islands.	
Weezing	pokemon	17	 James calls out Weezing and defeats the Shellder, but Jessie steps up to capture it.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck comes out of its Poké Ball and talks to the Slowpoke.	
Psyduck	pokemon	47	 It first grabs onto Slowpoke's tail, and then Psyduck's, leaving it in great pain jumping up and down.	
Psyduck	pokemon	64	 They have a hard time with it, and it accidentally clamps onto Psyduck's tail instead.	
Psyduck	pokemon	67	 Jessie gets mad and throws the Shellder again, but it clamps onto Psyduck's head this time, giving it a major headache.Psyduck, now much more powerful because of its headache, uses Disable to stop everyone and causes Team Rocket to fly off into the distance with Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	120	 Jessie gets mad and throws the Shellder again, but it clamps onto Psyduck's head this time, giving it a major headache.Psyduck, now much more powerful because of its headache, uses Disable to stop everyone and causes Team Rocket to fly off into the distance with Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	26	 As Slowpoke walks toward Psyduck to say thanks, it trips and Shellder clamps onto its tail, evolving it.	
Psyduck	pokemon	21	 The episode ends as Psyduck goes to say goodbye to Slowbro, though it only looks like meaningless conversation.	
Seafoam	region	49	Ash's mom and his friends are going to go to the Seafoam Islands.	
Seafoam	region	43	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Seafoam	region	72	Happy to have an excuse to go to the beach, Ash and Pikachu head to the Seafoam Islands.	
Disable	move	62	Psyduck, now much more powerful because of its headache, uses Disable to stop everyone and causes Team Rocket to fly off into the distance with Confusion.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 He orders them to steal all the Pokémon from Westwood's lab.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 They find that the only Pokémon Professor Westwood has is a Slowpoke.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 Westwood figures out why Slowpoke evolves, which is because both Pokémon benefit: Shellder balances Slowpoke so it can use Mega Punch, and Shellder gains land transportation on Slowpoke's tail.	
Pokédex	item	117	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Slowbro	pokemon	102	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Slowbro	pokemon	124	 Westwood tries to run away with his Slowpoke, but Team Rocket catches up and sends out the Shellder to make it evolve into Slowbro.	
Slowbro	pokemon	31	 Team Rocket runs back to grab Slowbro, but it uses Mega Punch, causing Team Rocket to blast off again.	
Slowbro	pokemon	52	 The episode ends as Psyduck goes to say goodbye to Slowbro, though it only looks like meaningless conversation.	
Krabby	pokemon	67	 After what seems to be some random, unintelligent conversation, a Krabby comes out the water.	
Jessie	person	75	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's Boss is taking a vacation on the beach and making Jessie and James dig for clams.	
Jessie	person	55	 James calls out Weezing and defeats the Shellder, but Jessie steps up to capture it.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie gets mad and throws the Shellder again, but it clamps onto Psyduck's head this time, giving it a major headache.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock are going to go surfing.	
Brock	person	27	 Ash arrives and surprises Brock and Misty, who are riding on sailboards.	
James	person	86	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's Boss is taking a vacation on the beach and making Jessie and James dig for clams.	
James	person	38	 Upset that they cannot take a break, James digs up a Shellder and decides to try to capture it.	
James	person	1	 James calls out Weezing and defeats the Shellder, but Jessie steps up to capture it.	
Happy	person	152	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.Happy to have an excuse to go to the beach, Ash and Pikachu head to the Seafoam Islands.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock are going to go surfing.	
Misty	person	37	 Ash arrives and surprises Brock and Misty, who are riding on sailboards.	
Poké	item	26	 Psyduck comes out of its Poké Ball and talks to the Slowpoke.	
Boss	person	25	Meanwhile, Team Rocket's Boss is taking a vacation on the beach and making Jessie and James dig for clams.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Ash	person	29	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
Ash	person	44	Happy to have an excuse to go to the beach, Ash and Pikachu head to the Seafoam Islands.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash arrives and surprises Brock and Misty, who are riding on sailboards.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends examine Slowpoke sitting next to them.	
Oak	person	23	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Oak	person	50	 Ash goes to Professor Oak's lab to discover that Oak is trying to find out why Slowpoke evolves into Slowbro.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak suggests that Ash go to the Seafoam Islands to meet Professor Westwood V, the original creator of the Pokédex who would know the answer.	
