Pokémon League	group	38	Ash and his friends, training for the Pokémon League, are jogging on a cliff-side road.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny quickly arrives to defuse the volatile arguments caused by Ash and the drivers, who quickly speed off.	
Officer Jenny	person	50	 As Ash wonders why the road would be so crowded, Officer Jenny tells them that it is the surfing season, and that the famous wave, Humungadunga, is coming.	
Officer Jenny	person	34	Ash and his friends are warned by Officer Jenny to evacuate the beach and stand as far back as possible.	
Team Rocket	group	59	 As Pikachu meets Puka outside and watch the sea together, Team Rocket, in the Gyarados submarine, plots to steal both.	
Team Rocket	group	44	However, Victor's reverie is interrupted by Team Rocket, who have kidnapped both Pikachu and Puka.	
Team Rocket	group	111	 Diving down to make their getaway (with Pikachu straining to break himself and Puka out of their glass cage), Team Rocket encounter some real Gyarados in its mating season.	
Team Rocket	group	167	 The Gyarados is none too pleased, attacking the submarine and finishing off with a Hyper Beam, causing the now-destroyed submarine to launch into the air and sending Team Rocket blasting off, but freeing Pikachu and Puka.	
Team Rocket	group	24	"As the episode closes, Team Rocket is seen being surrounded by Gyarados, atop a rock with half of their submarine.	
Hyper Beam	move	84	 The Gyarados is none too pleased, attacking the submarine and finishing off with a Hyper Beam, causing the now-destroyed submarine to launch into the air and sending Team Rocket blasting off, but freeing Pikachu and Puka.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	50	Chasing after them on a boat, Ash manages to have Bulbasaur catch Pikachu, but Puka falls into the water.	
Gyarados	pokemon	79	 As Pikachu meets Puka outside and watch the sea together, Team Rocket, in the Gyarados submarine, plots to steal both.	
Gyarados	pokemon	143	 Diving down to make their getaway (with Pikachu straining to break himself and Puka out of their glass cage), Team Rocket encounter some real Gyarados in its mating season.	
Gyarados	pokemon	5	 The Gyarados is none too pleased, attacking the submarine and finishing off with a Hyper Beam, causing the now-destroyed submarine to launch into the air and sending Team Rocket blasting off, but freeing Pikachu and Puka.	
Gyarados	pokemon	64	"As the episode closes, Team Rocket is seen being surrounded by Gyarados, atop a rock with half of their submarine.	
Pikachu	pokemon	102	 He wipes out often, and when on one occasion his foot cramps up, he is saved by an older man and his Pikachu, whose tail glows before a wave arrives.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Pikachu	pokemon	4	 As Pikachu meets Puka outside and watch the sea together, Team Rocket, in the Gyarados submarine, plots to steal both.	
Pikachu	pokemon	68	 Discouraged, he was about to give up on surfing, but he then saw a Pikachu that had been cast away on a tiny raft.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	However, Victor's reverie is interrupted by Team Rocket, who have kidnapped both Pikachu and Puka.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Diving down to make their getaway (with Pikachu straining to break himself and Puka out of their glass cage), Team Rocket encounter some real Gyarados in its mating season.	
Pikachu	pokemon	205	 The Gyarados is none too pleased, attacking the submarine and finishing off with a Hyper Beam, causing the now-destroyed submarine to launch into the air and sending Team Rocket blasting off, but freeing Pikachu and Puka.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	Chasing after them on a boat, Ash manages to have Bulbasaur catch Pikachu, but Puka falls into the water.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	Ash and his friends, training for the Pokémon League, are jogging on a cliff-side road.	
Victor	person	51	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Victor	person	18	In the mean time, Victor's past is revealed: 40 years ago, he had been a young surfer, who had tried to emulate Jan.	
Victor	person	108	 After Jan had conquered Humungadunga and planted his flag atop the rock, he had given his own surfboard to Victor, simply saying "You can do it, too".	
Victor	person	9	However, Victor's reverie is interrupted by Team Rocket, who have kidnapped both Pikachu and Puka.	
Victor	person	1	 Victor himself dives into the water, and using Jan's surfboard, manages to rescue Puka.	
Victor	person	128	 However, the waves become more fierce, and Brock (now driving the boat) is forced to retreat before the boat capsizes, leaving Victor and Puka alone in the water.	
Victor	person	15	 Worried about Victor and Puka's safety from atop a nearby cliff, they are relieved when they find Victor and Puka riding the wave.	
Victor	person	99	 Worried about Victor and Puka's safety from atop a nearby cliff, they are relieved when they find Victor and Puka riding the wave.	
Victor	person	37	 Back on shore, as Ash congratulates Victor for achieving his lifelong goal, Victor turns to a small group of young surfers, simply saying to them what he had been told so long ago: "Hey, you can do it, too.	
Victor	person	77	 Back on shore, as Ash congratulates Victor for achieving his lifelong goal, Victor turns to a small group of young surfers, simply saying to them what he had been told so long ago: "Hey, you can do it, too.	
Brock	person	89	 Ash, decked out in his white and orange shirt, is ahead of Misty (in her blue suit) and Brock (in his basketball jersey).	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock look in horror as Ash is seemingly hit by the truck.	
Brock	person	28	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Brock	person	44	 However, the waves become more fierce, and Brock (now driving the boat) is forced to retreat before the boat capsizes, leaving Victor and Puka alone in the water.	
Misty	person	60	 Ash, decked out in his white and orange shirt, is ahead of Misty (in her blue suit) and Brock (in his basketball jersey).	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock look in horror as Ash is seemingly hit by the truck.	
Misty	person	18	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Puka	person	75	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Puka	person	18	 As Pikachu meets Puka outside and watch the sea together, Team Rocket, in the Gyarados submarine, plots to steal both.	
Puka	person	27	This was when he first met Puka, and since then, the two have worked as a team: Puka had the ability to sense the waves, emitting a bluish glow when a big wave had approached, and it had helped the two conquer many big waves on the island—Humungadunga was the only one that they have yet to conquer.	
Puka	person	80	This was when he first met Puka, and since then, the two have worked as a team: Puka had the ability to sense the waves, emitting a bluish glow when a big wave had approached, and it had helped the two conquer many big waves on the island—Humungadunga was the only one that they have yet to conquer.	
Puka	person	93	However, Victor's reverie is interrupted by Team Rocket, who have kidnapped both Pikachu and Puka.	
Puka	person	80	 Diving down to make their getaway (with Pikachu straining to break himself and Puka out of their glass cage), Team Rocket encounter some real Gyarados in its mating season.	
Puka	person	217	 The Gyarados is none too pleased, attacking the submarine and finishing off with a Hyper Beam, causing the now-destroyed submarine to launch into the air and sending Team Rocket blasting off, but freeing Pikachu and Puka.	
Puka	person	79	Chasing after them on a boat, Ash manages to have Bulbasaur catch Pikachu, but Puka falls into the water.	
Puka	person	83	 Victor himself dives into the water, and using Jan's surfboard, manages to rescue Puka.	
Puka	person	139	 However, the waves become more fierce, and Brock (now driving the boat) is forced to retreat before the boat capsizes, leaving Victor and Puka alone in the water.	
Puka	person	12	 Just then, Puka begins to glow - a sign that Humungadunga is coming.	
Puka	person	26	 Worried about Victor and Puka's safety from atop a nearby cliff, they are relieved when they find Victor and Puka riding the wave.	
Puka	person	110	 Worried about Victor and Puka's safety from atop a nearby cliff, they are relieved when they find Victor and Puka riding the wave.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, decked out in his white and orange shirt, is ahead of Misty (in her blue suit) and Brock (in his basketball jersey).	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash's progress has stopped when a truck passes by, spewing its exhaust in its wake.	
Ash	person	10	 Blinded, Ash does not see that he is in the path of another truck heading in his direction.	
Ash	person	35	 Misty and Brock look in horror as Ash is seemingly hit by the truck.	
Ash	person	60	 Fortunately, the truck had swerved out of the way, leaving Ash unharmed, but it has created a large pileup behind him.	
Ash	person	74	 Officer Jenny quickly arrives to defuse the volatile arguments caused by Ash and the drivers, who quickly speed off.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash wonders why the road would be so crowded, Officer Jenny tells them that it is the surfing season, and that the famous wave, Humungadunga, is coming.	
Ash	person	206	 Surfers from all over have tried to ride the Humungadunga, which only appears once every 20 years, and plant their flag at the top of a rock, much like a famous surfer named Jan had done some 40 years ago.Ash decides to also try surfing out, but his first go-around does not bode well.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash recovers, Misty and Brock introduce him to Victor and his Pikachu, Puka, who had help saved him from drowning.	
Ash	person	30	Chasing after them on a boat, Ash manages to have Bulbasaur catch Pikachu, but Puka falls into the water.	
Ash	person	69	 Just then, Puka begins to glow - a sign that Humungadunga is coming.Ash and his friends are warned by Officer Jenny to evacuate the beach and stand as far back as possible.	
Ash	person	19	 Back on shore, as Ash congratulates Victor for achieving his lifelong goal, Victor turns to a small group of young surfers, simply saying to them what he had been told so long ago: "Hey, you can do it, too.	
