Xanadu Nursery	building	265	 Ash tries to push Misty and Brock out the door as quickly as possible, telling them aside that laboring in the family garden would leave him too tired to train; at last, they run off when Delia tells them to get three-to-four hundred pounds of fertilizer from the Xanadu Nursery.	
Xanadu Nursery	building	69	 They encounter a greenhouse, which Ash tells Misty and Brock is the Xanadu Nursery, a childhood stomping ground.	
Xanadu Nursery	building	48	Introducing himself as Potter, he describes the Xanadu Nursery as a place which attracts Grass-type Pokémon.	
Xanadu Nursery	building	173	 On hearing this, Ash sends Bulbasaur out to enjoy the place, as Brock inquires about the girl that he saw: he learns that she is named Florinda and is the new owner of the Xanadu Nursery.	
Xanadu Nursery	building	23	Florinda inherited the Xanadu Nursery (run by her family for generations), but she does not feel confident in her abilities because she is not able to make Gloom evolve, even with the help of a Leaf Stone.	
Pokémon League	group	119	 Later, during breakfast, Delia asks her son to help out with her garden (as he does not appear to be training for the Pokémon League), but the thought of that reminds him of some "serious training" that he needs to do in the mountains - something that is news to Misty.	
Pokémon League	group	105	 As Ash heads back to town with his friends, he is reminded that he has spent a day not training for the Pokémon League.	
Professor Oak	person	12	 Just then, Professor Oak appears, revealing the Leaf Stone that Florinda has purchased to be a fake.	
Pallet Town	settlement	13	Back home at Pallet Town, it's another day at the Ketchum residence.	
Team Rocket	group	133	 As everyone tries to help Florinda cope with the situation, Florinda describes the three people who sold them the false Leaf Stone: Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket themselves are at the nursery, looking for the right Pokémon to steal.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 Brock instead swears to Florinda that he will find Team Rocket and bring justice, but Ash also points out that usually Team Rocket find them first.	
Team Rocket	group	120	 Brock instead swears to Florinda that he will find Team Rocket and bring justice, but Ash also points out that usually Team Rocket find them first.	
Team Rocket	group	28	 Sure enough, they discover Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	124	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	149	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Team Rocket	group	80	 Though Florinda is not confident that SolarBeam will do the trick, Gloom sends Team Rocket flying with it.	
Double Team	move	127	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Leaf Stone	item	194	Florinda inherited the Xanadu Nursery (run by her family for generations), but she does not feel confident in her abilities because she is not able to make Gloom evolve, even with the help of a Leaf Stone.	
Leaf Stone	item	49	 Just then, Professor Oak appears, revealing the Leaf Stone that Florinda has purchased to be a fake.	
Leaf Stone	item	121	 As everyone tries to help Florinda cope with the situation, Florinda describes the three people who sold them the false Leaf Stone: Team Rocket.	
Leaf Stone	item	66	 Back upstairs, Brock swears to Florinda that he will find a real Leaf Stone, but Ash dissuades him, reminding him that Leaf Stones are hard to come by.	
Grass-type	type	89	Introducing himself as Potter, he describes the Xanadu Nursery as a place which attracts Grass-type Pokémon.	
Stun Spore	move	110	 Just then, Bulbasaur sniffs a bunch of Stun Stem, a plant which produces pollen that can paralyze, much like Stun Spore, which knocks it out cold.	
SolarBeam	move	39	 Though Florinda is not confident that SolarBeam will do the trick, Gloom sends Team Rocket flying with it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	28	 On hearing this, Ash sends Bulbasaur out to enjoy the place, as Brock inquires about the girl that he saw: he learns that she is named Florinda and is the new owner of the Xanadu Nursery.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	12	 Just then, Bulbasaur sniffs a bunch of Stun Stem, a plant which produces pollen that can paralyze, much like Stun Spore, which knocks it out cold.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	61	 Florinda and Gloom appear, and Florinda advises Ash to take Bulbasaur with her for treatment.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	98	 Thanks to Gloom (who has developed an immunity to Stun Stem by being exposed to it for so long), Bulbasaur recovers.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	8	 Though Bulbasaur manages to tie up the thieves, Meowth, though he is a bit late, unleashes a bomb made of the stolen Stun Stem to incapacitate nearly everyone.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	83	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Florinda	person	136	 On hearing this, Ash sends Bulbasaur out to enjoy the place, as Brock inquires about the girl that he saw: he learns that she is named Florinda and is the new owner of the Xanadu Nursery.	
Florinda	person	1	 Florinda and Gloom appear, and Florinda advises Ash to take Bulbasaur with her for treatment.	
Florinda	person	32	 Florinda and Gloom appear, and Florinda advises Ash to take Bulbasaur with her for treatment.	
Florinda	person	43	 As the two Grass Pokémon play, Brock and Florinda talk privately.Florinda inherited the Xanadu Nursery (run by her family for generations), but she does not feel confident in her abilities because she is not able to make Gloom evolve, even with the help of a Leaf Stone.	
Florinda	person	67	 As the two Grass Pokémon play, Brock and Florinda talk privately.Florinda inherited the Xanadu Nursery (run by her family for generations), but she does not feel confident in her abilities because she is not able to make Gloom evolve, even with the help of a Leaf Stone.	
Florinda	person	65	 Just then, Professor Oak appears, revealing the Leaf Stone that Florinda has purchased to be a fake.	
Florinda	person	27	 As everyone tries to help Florinda cope with the situation, Florinda describes the three people who sold them the false Leaf Stone: Team Rocket.	
Florinda	person	61	 As everyone tries to help Florinda cope with the situation, Florinda describes the three people who sold them the false Leaf Stone: Team Rocket.	
Florinda	person	32	 Back upstairs, Brock swears to Florinda that he will find a real Leaf Stone, but Ash dissuades him, reminding him that Leaf Stones are hard to come by.	
Florinda	person	25	 Brock instead swears to Florinda that he will find Team Rocket and bring justice, but Ash also points out that usually Team Rocket find them first.	
Florinda	person	6	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Florinda	person	101	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Florinda	person	64	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Florinda	person	122	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Florinda	person	8	 Though Florinda is not confident that SolarBeam will do the trick, Gloom sends Team Rocket flying with it.	
Florinda	person	40	Later, after everyone has been treated, Florinda thanks Brock, noting that Gloom is strong as it is, and that it does not need to evolve.	
Florinda	person	1	 Florinda states that now she has the confidence to run the nursery with a special someone, which causes Brock to fall over.	
Florinda	person	54	 But when he recovers from fantasizing, he finds that Florinda has already proposed to Potter, and that they plan to run the nursery together.	
Ketchum	person	50	Back home at Pallet Town, it's another day at the Ketchum residence.	
Pikachu	pokemon	102	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	157	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	171	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Weezing	pokemon	33	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Weezing	pokemon	156	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Pokémon	pokemon	119	 Later, during breakfast, Delia asks her son to help out with her garden (as he does not appear to be training for the Pokémon League), but the thought of that reminds him of some "serious training" that he needs to do in the mountains - something that is news to Misty.	
Pokémon	pokemon	100	Introducing himself as Potter, he describes the Xanadu Nursery as a place which attracts Grass-type Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	18	 As the two Grass Pokémon play, Brock and Florinda talk privately.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	Meanwhile, Team Rocket themselves are at the nursery, looking for the right Pokémon to steal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 As Ash heads back to town with his friends, he is reminded that he has spent a day not training for the Pokémon League.	
Potter	person	23	Introducing himself as Potter, he describes the Xanadu Nursery as a place which attracts Grass-type Pokémon.	
Potter	person	32	 As if on cue, alarms sound, as Potter learns that plants are being stolen from the nursery.	
Potter	person	87	 But when he recovers from fantasizing, he finds that Florinda has already proposed to Potter, and that they plan to run the nursery together.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Jessie	person	36	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 Though Bulbasaur manages to tie up the thieves, Meowth, though he is a bit late, unleashes a bomb made of the stolen Stun Stem to incapacitate nearly everyone.	
Gloom	pokemon	74	 When Brock peers inside and finds an attractive woman, all Ash sees is a Gloom, making Misty believe both are hallucinating.	
Gloom	pokemon	14	 Florinda and Gloom appear, and Florinda advises Ash to take Bulbasaur with her for treatment.	
Gloom	pokemon	11	 Thanks to Gloom (who has developed an immunity to Stun Stem by being exposed to it for so long), Bulbasaur recovers.	
Gloom	pokemon	156	Florinda inherited the Xanadu Nursery (run by her family for generations), but she does not feel confident in her abilities because she is not able to make Gloom evolve, even with the help of a Leaf Stone.	
Gloom	pokemon	42	 It is apparently not because of love, as Gloom is almost never gloomy.	
Gloom	pokemon	46	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Gloom	pokemon	54	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Gloom	pokemon	89	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Gloom	pokemon	68	 Though Florinda is not confident that SolarBeam will do the trick, Gloom sends Team Rocket flying with it.	
Gloom	pokemon	75	Later, after everyone has been treated, Florinda thanks Brock, noting that Gloom is strong as it is, and that it does not need to evolve.	
Grass	type	89	Introducing himself as Potter, he describes the Xanadu Nursery as a place which attracts Grass-type Pokémon.	
Grass	type	12	 As the two Grass Pokémon play, Brock and Florinda talk privately.	
Spore	move	115	 Just then, Bulbasaur sniffs a bunch of Stun Stem, a plant which produces pollen that can paralyze, much like Stun Spore, which knocks it out cold.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Brock	person	29	 Ash tries to push Misty and Brock out the door as quickly as possible, telling them aside that laboring in the family garden would leave him too tired to train; at last, they run off when Delia tells them to get three-to-four hundred pounds of fertilizer from the Xanadu Nursery.	
Brock	person	56	 They encounter a greenhouse, which Ash tells Misty and Brock is the Xanadu Nursery, a childhood stomping ground.	
Brock	person	6	 When Brock peers inside and finds an attractive woman, all Ash sees is a Gloom, making Misty believe both are hallucinating.	
Brock	person	65	 On hearing this, Ash sends Bulbasaur out to enjoy the place, as Brock inquires about the girl that he saw: he learns that she is named Florinda and is the new owner of the Xanadu Nursery.	
Brock	person	33	 As the two Grass Pokémon play, Brock and Florinda talk privately.	
Brock	person	16	 Back upstairs, Brock swears to Florinda that he will find a real Leaf Stone, but Ash dissuades him, reminding him that Leaf Stones are hard to come by.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock instead swears to Florinda that he will find Team Rocket and bring justice, but Ash also points out that usually Team Rocket find them first.	
Brock	person	89	 With Florinda (who evaded the Stun Stem) and Gloom the only able-bodied defenders left, Brock urges Florinda to attack, as Team Rocket manages to steal the incapacitated Pikachu.	
Brock	person	97	 Meanwhile, Pikachu manages to bite Jessie's arm, and frees itself, landing behind Bulbasaur, as Brock continues to coach Florinda, telling her that Team Rocket is now open to a more powerful attack.	
Brock	person	56	Later, after everyone has been treated, Florinda thanks Brock, noting that Gloom is strong as it is, and that it does not need to evolve.	
Brock	person	105	 Florinda states that now she has the confidence to run the nursery with a special someone, which causes Brock to fall over.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock feeling rejected, Ash tries to console him, telling him that he will meet more women who will reject him.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Misty	person	14	 This awakens Misty, who was sleeping in Ash's bunk.	
Misty	person	265	 Later, during breakfast, Delia asks her son to help out with her garden (as he does not appear to be training for the Pokémon League), but the thought of that reminds him of some "serious training" that he needs to do in the mountains - something that is news to Misty.	
Misty	person	19	 Ash tries to push Misty and Brock out the door as quickly as possible, telling them aside that laboring in the family garden would leave him too tired to train; at last, they run off when Delia tells them to get three-to-four hundred pounds of fertilizer from the Xanadu Nursery.	
Misty	person	46	 They encounter a greenhouse, which Ash tells Misty and Brock is the Xanadu Nursery, a childhood stomping ground.	
Misty	person	88	 When Brock peers inside and finds an attractive woman, all Ash sees is a Gloom, making Misty believe both are hallucinating.	
Delia	person	26	 Later, during breakfast, Delia asks her son to help out with her garden (as he does not appear to be training for the Pokémon League), but the thought of that reminds him of some "serious training" that he needs to do in the mountains - something that is news to Misty.	
Delia	person	189	 Ash tries to push Misty and Brock out the door as quickly as possible, telling them aside that laboring in the family garden would leave him too tired to train; at last, they run off when Delia tells them to get three-to-four hundred pounds of fertilizer from the Xanadu Nursery.	
Mimey	pokemon	69	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Mimey	pokemon	134	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Arbok	pokemon	23	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Arbok	pokemon	146	 Jessie and James send Arbok and Weezing to deal with Gloom and Florinda is surprised at Gloom's battling ability when it uses Double Team to get Arbok and Weezing to hit each other.	
Ash	person	33	 Brock is up making breakfast as Ash is awakened by a combination of Mimey sweeping over his head and Pikachu shocking him awake when Mimey does the same to Pikachu.	
Ash	person	41	 This awakens Misty, who was sleeping in Ash's bunk.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to push Misty and Brock out the door as quickly as possible, telling them aside that laboring in the family garden would leave him too tired to train; at last, they run off when Delia tells them to get three-to-four hundred pounds of fertilizer from the Xanadu Nursery.	
Ash	person	36	 They encounter a greenhouse, which Ash tells Misty and Brock is the Xanadu Nursery, a childhood stomping ground.	
Ash	person	60	 When Brock peers inside and finds an attractive woman, all Ash sees is a Gloom, making Misty believe both are hallucinating.	
Ash	person	18	 On hearing this, Ash sends Bulbasaur out to enjoy the place, as Brock inquires about the girl that he saw: he learns that she is named Florinda and is the new owner of the Xanadu Nursery.	
Ash	person	49	 Florinda and Gloom appear, and Florinda advises Ash to take Bulbasaur with her for treatment.	
Ash	person	82	 Back upstairs, Brock swears to Florinda that he will find a real Leaf Stone, but Ash dissuades him, reminding him that Leaf Stones are hard to come by.	
Ash	person	87	 Brock instead swears to Florinda that he will find Team Rocket and bring justice, but Ash also points out that usually Team Rocket find them first.	
Ash	person	25	 Brock feeling rejected, Ash tries to console him, telling him that he will meet more women who will reject him.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash heads back to town with his friends, he is reminded that he has spent a day not training for the Pokémon League.	
Oak	person	22	 Just then, Professor Oak appears, revealing the Leaf Stone that Florinda has purchased to be a fake.	
