I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday	item	126	 However, Ash and Misty had never heard of him, though Brock easily recognizes him as the producer behind his favorite movie, I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday (which Katrina also admitted to "almost" have seen—implying that though his movies were critically acclaimed, they were hardly box-office successes).	
Cleavon Schpielbunk	person	101	The producer introduces himself (in the style of Team Rocket's motto, much to their bewilderment) as Cleavon Schpielbunk, an acclaimed director.	
Romeo and Juliet	group	133	 While Brock is amazed at Schpielbunk's brilliance, Misty claims that it isn't original at all (the premise being similar to that of Romeo and Juliet).	
Pokémon League	group	56	Ash and his friends are at a campsite, training for the Pokémon League, when they meet a Trainer named Katrina.	
DoubleSlapped	move	94	 When Meowth mentions to her that he "works alone", he and the other Team Rocket Pokémon are DoubleSlapped.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 However, before the battle begins, Team Rocket suddenly appears with a net in an attempt to snag Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	132	 After the realization that Pikachu had not been caught hit them, Raichu breaks free, and uses a Thunderbolt and Mega Kick to knock Team Rocket over.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 As they are preparing to send Team Rocket flying, a voice yells "Cut".	
Team Rocket	group	49	The producer introduces himself (in the style of Team Rocket's motto, much to their bewilderment) as Cleavon Schpielbunk, an acclaimed director.	
Team Rocket	group	69	 When Meowth mentions to her that he "works alone", he and the other Team Rocket Pokémon are DoubleSlapped.	
Team Rocket	group	25	 As a result, an enraged Team Rocket fumes off in order to comfort their Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, nearby, is plotting their revenge for their Pokémon's behalf.	
Team Rocket	group	38	 Just then, smoke fills the area, and Team Rocket appear to have their revenge.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 However, this only causes all the Pokémon to turn their attention on Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	63	Katrina's scream, however, brings the group back to the brawl: Team Rocket had gotten the upper hand, and had, with the help of a large magnet on a crane, kidnapped all of the Pokémon, except Psyduck (prompting Misty to say that it doesn't know the proper way to get kidnapped).	
Team Rocket	group	171	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	77	 The episode closes out with Wigglytuff and Psyduck alone by the lake, while Team Rocket is stuck in another precarious position.	
Schpielbunk	person	109	The producer introduces himself (in the style of Team Rocket's motto, much to their bewilderment) as Cleavon Schpielbunk, an acclaimed director.	
Schpielbunk	person	1	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Schpielbunk	person	19	In the next round, Schpielbunk wants the Pokémon to sing.	
Schpielbunk	person	18	 After waking up, Schpielbunk wants everyone to sing with Wigglytuff.	
Schpielbunk	person	18	Later, Brock asks Schpielbunk for a plot summary of Pokémon in Love, to which Schpielbunk describes the movie as simply "brilliant".	
Schpielbunk	person	79	Later, Brock asks Schpielbunk for a plot summary of Pokémon in Love, to which Schpielbunk describes the movie as simply "brilliant".	
Schpielbunk	person	26	 While Brock is amazed at Schpielbunk's brilliance, Misty claims that it isn't original at all (the premise being similar to that of Romeo and Juliet).	
Schpielbunk	person	87	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, nearby, is plotting their revenge for their Pokémon's behalf.Schpielbunk begins filming by shooting the climactic scene - so that he knows how the movie should end, he claims.	
Schpielbunk	person	1	 Schpielbunk then orders his crew to join the brawl that has ensued, while Ash and company take the opportunity to pose in front of the now-unattended camera.	
Schpielbunk	person	1	 Schpielbunk thinks that Ash's adventures would be great movie material, and that any male lead would have plenty of female fans (to which Brock immediately tries to sign up for the role).	
Thunderbolt	move	97	 After the realization that Pikachu had not been caught hit them, Raichu breaks free, and uses a Thunderbolt and Mega Kick to knock Team Rocket over.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	24	 However, as if on cue, Jigglypuff appears, and puts everyone to sleep.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	174	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	58	 After waking up, Schpielbunk wants everyone to sing with Wigglytuff.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	71	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	27	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	124	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	27	 The family feud ends over Wigglytuff's remorse over Psyduck's death.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	13	 However, as Wigglytuff and Psyduck prepare to enter the fray, Pikachu (in the middle of the fray) is thrown into Wigglytuff, to which Wigglytuff responds adversely.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	114	 However, as Wigglytuff and Psyduck prepare to enter the fray, Pikachu (in the middle of the fray) is thrown into Wigglytuff, to which Wigglytuff responds adversely.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	135	 However, as Wigglytuff and Psyduck prepare to enter the fray, Pikachu (in the middle of the fray) is thrown into Wigglytuff, to which Wigglytuff responds adversely.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	19	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	40	 As Psyduck passes out from exhaustion, Wigglytuff comes over to him, concerned.	
Wigglytuff	pokemon	29	 The episode closes out with Wigglytuff and Psyduck alone by the lake, while Team Rocket is stuck in another precarious position.	
Confusion	move	135	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Mega Kick	move	113	 After the realization that Pikachu had not been caught hit them, Raichu breaks free, and uses a Thunderbolt and Mega Kick to knock Team Rocket over.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	57	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Fighting	type	66	 However, just as the movie reaches a climactic battle, ruffians (Fighting types) appear, and a stray arrow manages to hit Psyduck, fatally wounding him.	
Cleavon	person	101	The producer introduces himself (in the style of Team Rocket's motto, much to their bewilderment) as Cleavon Schpielbunk, an acclaimed director.	
Pikachu	pokemon	103	 Though Brock tries to make an advance, Ash quickly accepts an offer to battle against her Raichu with Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	98	 However, before the battle begins, Team Rocket suddenly appears with a net in an attempt to snag Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	 After the realization that Pikachu had not been caught hit them, Raichu breaks free, and uses a Thunderbolt and Mega Kick to knock Team Rocket over.	
Pikachu	pokemon	94	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Pikachu	pokemon	99	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Pikachu	pokemon	95	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Pikachu	pokemon	194	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 However, as Wigglytuff and Psyduck prepare to enter the fray, Pikachu (in the middle of the fray) is thrown into Wigglytuff, to which Wigglytuff responds adversely.	
Weezing	pokemon	118	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Weezing	pokemon	151	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Psyduck	pokemon	147	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Psyduck	pokemon	257	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Psyduck	pokemon	195	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Psyduck	pokemon	168	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Psyduck	pokemon	282	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Psyduck	pokemon	15	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Psyduck	pokemon	91	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Psyduck	pokemon	123	 However, just as the movie reaches a climactic battle, ruffians (Fighting types) appear, and a stray arrow manages to hit Psyduck, fatally wounding him.	
Psyduck	pokemon	53	 The family feud ends over Wigglytuff's remorse over Psyduck's death.	
Psyduck	pokemon	28	 However, as Wigglytuff and Psyduck prepare to enter the fray, Pikachu (in the middle of the fray) is thrown into Wigglytuff, to which Wigglytuff responds adversely.	
Psyduck	pokemon	193	Katrina's scream, however, brings the group back to the brawl: Team Rocket had gotten the upper hand, and had, with the help of a large magnet on a crane, kidnapped all of the Pokémon, except Psyduck (prompting Misty to say that it doesn't know the proper way to get kidnapped).	
Psyduck	pokemon	37	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Psyduck	pokemon	61	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Psyduck	pokemon	4	 As Psyduck passes out from exhaustion, Wigglytuff comes over to him, concerned.	
Psyduck	pokemon	41	 Ash leads all the Pokémon to cheer for Psyduck as the scene ends.	
Psyduck	pokemon	44	 The episode closes out with Wigglytuff and Psyduck alone by the lake, while Team Rocket is stuck in another precarious position.	
Trainer	person	90	Ash and his friends are at a campsite, training for the Pokémon League, when they meet a Trainer named Katrina.	
Trainer	person	114	 Brock and Misty console him, though, as it is not every day he can take part in a movie, and he also met a rival Trainer (Katrina) in the process.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	Ash and his friends are at a campsite, training for the Pokémon League, when they meet a Trainer named Katrina.	
Pokémon	pokemon	38	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	In the next round, Schpielbunk wants the Pokémon to sing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 When Meowth mentions to her that he "works alone", he and the other Team Rocket Pokémon are DoubleSlapped.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 As a result, an enraged Team Rocket fumes off in order to comfort their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	Later, Brock asks Schpielbunk for a plot summary of Pokémon in Love, to which Schpielbunk describes the movie as simply "brilliant".	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket, nearby, is plotting their revenge for their Pokémon's behalf.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 However, this only causes all the Pokémon to turn their attention on Team Rocket.	
Pokémon	pokemon	176	Katrina's scream, however, brings the group back to the brawl: Team Rocket had gotten the upper hand, and had, with the help of a large magnet on a crane, kidnapped all of the Pokémon, except Psyduck (prompting Misty to say that it doesn't know the proper way to get kidnapped).	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	 Ash leads all the Pokémon to cheer for Psyduck as the scene ends.	
Katrina	person	104	Ash and his friends are at a campsite, training for the Pokémon League, when they meet a Trainer named Katrina.	
Katrina	person	165	 However, Ash and Misty had never heard of him, though Brock easily recognizes him as the producer behind his favorite movie, I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday (which Katrina also admitted to "almost" have seen—implying that though his movies were critically acclaimed, they were hardly box-office successes).	
Katrina	person	37	 However, Ash and company (including Katrina) agree to assist in any way that they can for the production.	
Katrina	person	158	 Schpielbunk then orders his crew to join the brawl that has ensued, while Ash and company take the opportunity to pose in front of the now-unattended camera.Katrina's scream, however, brings the group back to the brawl: Team Rocket had gotten the upper hand, and had, with the help of a large magnet on a crane, kidnapped all of the Pokémon, except Psyduck (prompting Misty to say that it doesn't know the proper way to get kidnapped).	
Katrina	person	123	 Brock and Misty console him, though, as it is not every day he can take part in a movie, and he also met a rival Trainer (Katrina) in the process.	
Normal	type	137	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Normal	type	147	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Meowth	pokemon	127	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Meowth	pokemon	228	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Meowth	pokemon	6	 When Meowth mentions to her that he "works alone", he and the other Team Rocket Pokémon are DoubleSlapped.	
Raichu	pokemon	91	 Though Brock tries to make an advance, Ash quickly accepts an offer to battle against her Raichu with Pikachu.	
Raichu	pokemon	31	 However, they end up catching Raichu in the net instead.	
Raichu	pokemon	66	 After the realization that Pikachu had not been caught hit them, Raichu breaks free, and uses a Thunderbolt and Mega Kick to knock Team Rocket over.	
Raichu	pokemon	103	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Raichu	pokemon	78	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Raichu	pokemon	108	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Raichu	pokemon	107	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Raichu	pokemon	206	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Vulpix	pokemon	135	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Vulpix	pokemon	163	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Vulpix	pokemon	120	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Togepi	pokemon	27	 Misty also had to rein in Togepi from walking onto the stage as well.	
Staryu	pokemon	221	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Staryu	pokemon	26	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Brock	person	8	 Though Brock tries to make an advance, Ash quickly accepts an offer to battle against her Raichu with Pikachu.	
Brock	person	55	 However, Ash and Misty had never heard of him, though Brock easily recognizes him as the producer behind his favorite movie, I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday (which Katrina also admitted to "almost" have seen—implying that though his movies were critically acclaimed, they were hardly box-office successes).	
Brock	person	262	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Brock	person	7	Later, Brock asks Schpielbunk for a plot summary of Pokémon in Love, to which Schpielbunk describes the movie as simply "brilliant".	
Brock	person	7	 While Brock is amazed at Schpielbunk's brilliance, Misty claims that it isn't original at all (the premise being similar to that of Romeo and Juliet).	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty console him, though, as it is not every day he can take part in a movie, and he also met a rival Trainer (Katrina) in the process.	
Brock	person	139	 Schpielbunk thinks that Ash's adventures would be great movie material, and that any male lead would have plenty of female fans (to which Brock immediately tries to sign up for the role).	
Misty	person	18	 However, Ash and Misty had never heard of him, though Brock easily recognizes him as the producer behind his favorite movie, I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday (which Katrina also admitted to "almost" have seen—implying that though his movies were critically acclaimed, they were hardly box-office successes).	
Misty	person	197	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty also had to rein in Togepi from walking onto the stage as well.	
Misty	person	177	 After the realization that show business is tough, if only because of Wigglytuff being irritable, Pikachu, Raichu, and Vulpix dejectedly leave the stage, leaving only Psyduck (Misty claiming it was too stupid to get off the stage), who gets the part (prompting Brock to claim that Psyduck was only acting stupid).	
Misty	person	52	 While Brock is amazed at Schpielbunk's brilliance, Misty claims that it isn't original at all (the premise being similar to that of Romeo and Juliet).	
Misty	person	212	Katrina's scream, however, brings the group back to the brawl: Team Rocket had gotten the upper hand, and had, with the help of a large magnet on a crane, kidnapped all of the Pokémon, except Psyduck (prompting Misty to say that it doesn't know the proper way to get kidnapped).	
Misty	person	9	 As both Misty and Wigglytuff prompt Psyduck to take action, Psyduck manages to snap, and, in his brief moment of psychic powers, uses Confusion to free everyone and send Team Rocket flying.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty console him, though, as it is not every day he can take part in a movie, and he also met a rival Trainer (Katrina) in the process.	
Water	type	108	 In his movie, Psyduck and Wigglytuff are lovers who are caught in a "family feud" between Psyduck's fellow Water types and Wigglytuff's Normal types.	
Water	type	158	 The filming begins (with Staryu providing rain effects, Pidgeotto providing wind effects, and Pikachu and Raichu embedded among the large mass of Normal and Water types for thunder effects) as Pikachu and Raichu have their respective groups attack each other.	
Arbok	pokemon	111	 Everyone is interested in being part of the movie, and sends out their Pokémon to audition: Pikachu, Raichu, Arbok, Weezing, Meowth, Vulpix, and Psyduck are chosen by their Trainers to audition (Misty originally wanted Staryu to audition, but once again, Psyduck pops out instead.	
Arbok	pokemon	129	), and easily pass though after showing off their dancing skills (Pikachu and Raichu dancing together in a ballroom-style dance, Arbok spinning about, Weezing and Vulpix by bouncing and jumping, Psyduck by wagging its tail, and Meowth from a tap-style routine).	
Abra	pokemon	122	 Schpielbunk is in the area to cast a Pokémon for his all-Pokémon production, Pokémon in Love, after his male lead, an Abra, had teleported off the set over its costar, a Wigglytuff with a prima-donna attitude.	
Cut	move	66	 As they are preparing to send Team Rocket flying, a voice yells "Cut".	
Ash	person	40	 Though Brock tries to make an advance, Ash quickly accepts an offer to battle against her Raichu with Pikachu.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash and Misty had never heard of him, though Brock easily recognizes him as the producer behind his favorite movie, I Saw What You Ate Last Tuesday (which Katrina also admitted to "almost" have seen—implying that though his movies were critically acclaimed, they were hardly box-office successes).	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash and company (including Katrina) agree to assist in any way that they can for the production.	
Ash	person	75	 Schpielbunk then orders his crew to join the brawl that has ensued, while Ash and company take the opportunity to pose in front of the now-unattended camera.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash leads all the Pokémon to cheer for Psyduck as the scene ends.	
Ash	person	12	That night, Ash is worried as another day is wasted from not training.	
Ash	person	25	 Schpielbunk thinks that Ash's adventures would be great movie material, and that any male lead would have plenty of female fans (to which Brock immediately tries to sign up for the role).	
