Cleavon Schpielbunk	person	1	 Cleavon Schpielbunk, the film's producer, suddenly appears and invites everyone inside.	
Camp Pokéhearst	region	57	 Meowth then recalls his earliest memory: being alone at Camp Pokéhearst.	
Pallet Town	settlement	13	Back home in Pallet Town, Ash, Brock, and Pikachu are doing their morning exercises, while Misty remarks on how the TV remote is getting more exercise than the three.	
Team Rocket	group	20	 Across the street, Team Rocket are about to enter, seeing that the street is deserted, when Meowth suddenly decides to leave, promising Jessie and James to return before the start of the movie.	
Team Rocket	group	38	 His journey eventually landed him at Team Rocket, and the rest is history.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 However, Meowth refuses, being loyal to Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Dejected, Team Rocket leaves together, with Jessie and James trying to comfort Meowth, saying that Meowth is still "their freak".	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Just then, Team Rocket appears and does their motto, and promptly leave when they are asked why they are there, singing "Looks like Team Rocket's dancing off again!	
Team Rocket	group	133	 Just then, Team Rocket appears and does their motto, and promptly leave when they are asked why they are there, singing "Looks like Team Rocket's dancing off again!	
Schpielbunk	person	9	 Cleavon Schpielbunk, the film's producer, suddenly appears and invites everyone inside.	
Schpielbunk	person	6	 When Schpielbunk tries to gauge the reaction of the four, Ash complains that he did not see himself or his Pokémon in the final film (though Delia claims that she had seen a brief glimpse of Pikachu's tail).	
Schpielbunk	person	1	 Schpielbunk simply claims that, as the movie had an all-Pokémon cast, the scenes with humans in it simply had to be cut.	
Schpielbunk	person	122	 Misty then wonders why they had even been invited in the first place (despite her Psyduck being in a leading role), with Schpielbunk simply stating that he couldn't get any real movie stars to attend their premiere.	
Pokéhearst	region	62	 Meowth then recalls his earliest memory: being alone at Camp Pokéhearst.	
Hollywood	region	103	 Just then, however, a special delivery arrives at the Ketchum residence, with four invitations to the Hollywood premiere of Pokémon in Love, the film that they had helped produce last episode.	
Hollywood	region	80	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
Hollywood	region	129	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
Hollywood	region	24	, where he learned that Hollywood had ice cream and fried chicken, and he instantly decided to go there.	
Hollywood	region	41	Meanwhile, Ash and his friends arrive in Hollywood, but find themselves at a run-down section of town, far away from the glamorous core.	
Poké Ball	item	67	 Just as her owner had recalled her into her new diamond-encrusted Poké Ball, she remarked at how, as a "street Meowth", that he would never win her over, as she lived in a life of luxury.	
Persian	pokemon	73	 Having eluded the chef, he was approached by a gang of Meowth, led by a Persian, and was accepted into the gang.	
Persian	pokemon	96	 As he finishes reminiscing, however, he is surrounded by his old gang, and he agrees to follow Persian, which does not go unnoticed by Jessie and James, who were about to enter the theater without him.Persian proposes that Meowth rejoin the gang, believing that his human capability would be an asset.	
Persian	pokemon	202	 As he finishes reminiscing, however, he is surrounded by his old gang, and he agrees to follow Persian, which does not go unnoticed by Jessie and James, who were about to enter the theater without him.Persian proposes that Meowth rejoin the gang, believing that his human capability would be an asset.	
Persian	pokemon	10	 However, Persian brings forth Meowzie, to the surprise of Meowth.	
Persian	pokemon	130	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Persian	pokemon	63	 Although Meowth wins their brief battle, Meowzie runs over to Persian, concerned about its safety.	
Persian	pokemon	101	 Stunned, Meowth wonders why Meowzie would not leave with him, and Meowzie replies that she had owed Persian her gratitude for taking her in.	
Cleavon	person	1	 Cleavon Schpielbunk, the film's producer, suddenly appears and invites everyone inside.	
Ketchum	person	55	 Just then, however, a special delivery arrives at the Ketchum residence, with four invitations to the Hollywood premiere of Pokémon in Love, the film that they had helped produce last episode.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	Back home in Pallet Town, Ash, Brock, and Pikachu are doing their morning exercises, while Misty remarks on how the TV remote is getting more exercise than the three.	
Pikachu	pokemon	193	 When Schpielbunk tries to gauge the reaction of the four, Ash complains that he did not see himself or his Pokémon in the final film (though Delia claims that she had seen a brief glimpse of Pikachu's tail).	
Meowzie	person	151	Coming to the boarded-up remains of what was once a posh department store, Meowth recalls the first time meeting his first crush, another Meowth named Meowzie, at the window of that store.	
Meowzie	person	82	 At this point, Meowth breaks into song, believing that his new talents would win Meowzie over.	
Meowzie	person	30	 However, when he returned to Meowzie to show off his talents, he was quickly dismissed as a "freak" - worse than a street Meowth.	
Meowzie	person	31	 However, Persian brings forth Meowzie, to the surprise of Meowth.	
Meowzie	person	30	 Over a private conversation, Meowzie reveals that not long after Meowth had left, the city was caught in a recession.	
Meowzie	person	1	 Meowzie was abandoned by her owner (who was moving away), unable to afford to keep her, and was taken in by the same Meowth gang.	
Meowzie	person	16	 Believing that Meowzie is too good for this place, Meowth tries to take her away, but is stopped by the rest of the gang.	
Meowzie	person	42	 Although Meowth wins their brief battle, Meowzie runs over to Persian, concerned about its safety.	
Meowzie	person	29	 Stunned, Meowth wonders why Meowzie would not leave with him, and Meowzie replies that she had owed Persian her gratitude for taking her in.	
Meowzie	person	67	 Stunned, Meowth wonders why Meowzie would not leave with him, and Meowzie replies that she had owed Persian her gratitude for taking her in.	
Meowzie	person	112	The episode ends with Meowth on the roof of a nondescript building, staring at the full moon, still longing for Meowzie.	
Weezing	pokemon	83	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Psyduck	pokemon	83	 Misty then wonders why they had even been invited in the first place (despite her Psyduck being in a leading role), with Schpielbunk simply stating that he couldn't get any real movie stars to attend their premiere.	
Pokémon	pokemon	125	 Just then, however, a special delivery arrives at the Ketchum residence, with four invitations to the Hollywood premiere of Pokémon in Love, the film that they had helped produce last episode.	
Pokémon	pokemon	108	 When Schpielbunk tries to gauge the reaction of the four, Ash complains that he did not see himself or his Pokémon in the final film (though Delia claims that she had seen a brief glimpse of Pikachu's tail).	
Pokémon	pokemon	57	 Schpielbunk simply claims that, as the movie had an all-Pokémon cast, the scenes with humans in it simply had to be cut.	
Jessie	person	55	Elsewhere, while putting up a billboard for the movie, Jessie and James are thrilled about the premiere even though they were not invited, while Meowth is somewhat indifferent.	
Jessie	person	137	 Across the street, Team Rocket are about to enter, seeing that the street is deserted, when Meowth suddenly decides to leave, promising Jessie and James to return before the start of the movie.	
Jessie	person	136	 As he finishes reminiscing, however, he is surrounded by his old gang, and he agrees to follow Persian, which does not go unnoticed by Jessie and James, who were about to enter the theater without him.	
Jessie	person	38	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Jessie	person	45	 Dejected, Team Rocket leaves together, with Jessie and James trying to comfort Meowth, saying that Meowth is still "their freak".	
Meowth	pokemon	145	Elsewhere, while putting up a billboard for the movie, Jessie and James are thrilled about the premiere even though they were not invited, while Meowth is somewhat indifferent.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then recalls his earliest memory: being alone at Camp Pokéhearst.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 As a young Meowth, he was always hungry, once having been hung from a tree piñata-style for tipping over a basket of baseballs, believing it was food.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	 While tied up, he saw a movie being premiered, called That Darn Meowth!	
Meowth	pokemon	93	 Across the street, Team Rocket are about to enter, seeing that the street is deserted, when Meowth suddenly decides to leave, promising Jessie and James to return before the start of the movie.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth arrives at an old run-down snack house, and recalls his first time there: back then, the snack stand was prosperous, and when he had tried to get food, he was caught stealing by the store owner, and in the ensuing chase, he had lost his food.	
Meowth	pokemon	56	 Having eluded the chef, he was approached by a gang of Meowth, led by a Persian, and was accepted into the gang.	
Meowth	pokemon	75	Coming to the boarded-up remains of what was once a posh department store, Meowth recalls the first time meeting his first crush, another Meowth named Meowzie, at the window of that store.	
Meowth	pokemon	138	Coming to the boarded-up remains of what was once a posh department store, Meowth recalls the first time meeting his first crush, another Meowth named Meowzie, at the window of that store.	
Meowth	pokemon	113	 Just as her owner had recalled her into her new diamond-encrusted Poké Ball, she remarked at how, as a "street Meowth", that he would never win her over, as she lived in a life of luxury.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth vowed at that point to try to become human in order to impress her.	
Meowth	pokemon	25	Back in the present day, Meowth comes across a run-down mansion, recalling his time there.	
Meowth	pokemon	16	 At this point, Meowth breaks into song, believing that his new talents would win Meowzie over.	
Meowth	pokemon	123	 However, when he returned to Meowzie to show off his talents, he was quickly dismissed as a "freak" - worse than a street Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	27	 Angry over her rejection, Meowth set off to be the richest "freak" she ever saw, all to win her over.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	Persian proposes that Meowth rejoin the gang, believing that his human capability would be an asset.	
Meowth	pokemon	10	 However, Meowth refuses, being loyal to Team Rocket.	
Meowth	pokemon	59	 However, Persian brings forth Meowzie, to the surprise of Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	 Over a private conversation, Meowzie reveals that not long after Meowth had left, the city was caught in a recession.	
Meowth	pokemon	118	 Meowzie was abandoned by her owner (who was moving away), unable to afford to keep her, and was taken in by the same Meowth gang.	
Meowth	pokemon	52	 Believing that Meowzie is too good for this place, Meowth tries to take her away, but is stopped by the rest of the gang.	
Meowth	pokemon	111	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Meowth	pokemon	119	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Meowth	pokemon	10	 Although Meowth wins their brief battle, Meowzie runs over to Persian, concerned about its safety.	
Meowth	pokemon	10	 Stunned, Meowth wonders why Meowzie would not leave with him, and Meowzie replies that she had owed Persian her gratitude for taking her in.	
Meowth	pokemon	27	 and the fact that to her, Meowth was still a freak.	
Meowth	pokemon	80	 Dejected, Team Rocket leaves together, with Jessie and James trying to comfort Meowth, saying that Meowth is still "their freak".	
Meowth	pokemon	100	 Dejected, Team Rocket leaves together, with Jessie and James trying to comfort Meowth, saying that Meowth is still "their freak".	
Meowth	pokemon	22	The episode ends with Meowth on the roof of a nondescript building, staring at the full moon, still longing for Meowzie.	
Brock	person	31	Back home in Pallet Town, Ash, Brock, and Pikachu are doing their morning exercises, while Misty remarks on how the TV remote is getting more exercise than the three.	
Brock	person	157	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
James	person	66	Elsewhere, while putting up a billboard for the movie, Jessie and James are thrilled about the premiere even though they were not invited, while Meowth is somewhat indifferent.	
James	person	148	 Across the street, Team Rocket are about to enter, seeing that the street is deserted, when Meowth suddenly decides to leave, promising Jessie and James to return before the start of the movie.	
James	person	147	 As he finishes reminiscing, however, he is surrounded by his old gang, and he agrees to follow Persian, which does not go unnoticed by Jessie and James, who were about to enter the theater without him.	
James	person	49	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
James	person	56	 Dejected, Team Rocket leaves together, with Jessie and James trying to comfort Meowth, saying that Meowth is still "their freak".	
Misty	person	91	Back home in Pallet Town, Ash, Brock, and Pikachu are doing their morning exercises, while Misty remarks on how the TV remote is getting more exercise than the three.	
Misty	person	150	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then wonders why they had even been invited in the first place (despite her Psyduck being in a leading role), with Schpielbunk simply stating that he couldn't get any real movie stars to attend their premiere.	
Delia	person	168	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
Delia	person	143	 When Schpielbunk tries to gauge the reaction of the four, Ash complains that he did not see himself or his Pokémon in the final film (though Delia claims that she had seen a brief glimpse of Pikachu's tail).	
Arbok	pokemon	73	 But before they can take any action, Jessie and James appear, and while Arbok and Weezing deal with the other Meowth, Meowth and Persian square off on the roof of a building.	
Poké	item	67	 Just as her owner had recalled her into her new diamond-encrusted Poké Ball, she remarked at how, as a "street Meowth", that he would never win her over, as she lived in a life of luxury.	
Ash	person	26	Back home in Pallet Town, Ash, Brock, and Pikachu are doing their morning exercises, while Misty remarks on how the TV remote is getting more exercise than the three.	
Ash	person	10	 Although Ash is reluctant to abandon another day of training in order to go to Hollywood, he eventually relents, and leaves for Hollywood along with Misty, Brock, and Delia.	
Ash	person	11	Meanwhile, Ash and his friends arrive in Hollywood, but find themselves at a run-down section of town, far away from the glamorous core.	
Ash	person	59	 When Schpielbunk tries to gauge the reaction of the four, Ash complains that he did not see himself or his Pokémon in the final film (though Delia claims that she had seen a brief glimpse of Pikachu's tail).	
