Pokémon Trainer	person	32	 Ash asks her if she knows of a Pokémon Trainer named Bruno training around the area.	
Pokémon League	group	32	With three weeks left until the Pokémon League competition Ash has fallen behind in training.	
Pokémon League	group	65	 Brock gets on his knees, and asks him to help Ash train for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	69	 Ash and Pikachu laugh together as they become one day closer to the Pokémon League.	
ThunderShock	move	33	 Pikachu jumps down and uses his ThunderShock attack.	
ThunderPunch	move	21	 As Bruno commands a ThunderPunch, the TV is switched off.	
Brock's Onix	pokemon	106	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Mt. Hideaway	region	49	 Apparently Bruno's secret training ground is on Mt. Hideaway.	
Mt. Hideaway	region	78	 Ash jumps up and tells his mother not to make dinner as they are going up to Mt. Hideaway.	
Mt. Hideaway	region	61	Now on their way to the mountain, Misty tells the group that Mt. Hideaway appears to be only 7 miles away.	
Mt. Hideaway	region	69	 Bruno tells them there are no such secrets and the reason he was on Mt. Hideaway was to catch the biggest Onix he could find.	
Ground-type	type	16	 Bruno lets the Ground-type Pokémon go and asks Onix if it wants to come with him.	
Team Rocket	group	55	 The lady gives chase as Ash recognizes the bandits as Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	28	 The enraged old lady gives Team Rocket a beating with her broom and the troublesome trio run away leaving behind the kebabs.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket overhear the conversation and plan to catch a strong Onix so they can be as good as the Elite Four without having to do any Pokémon training.	
Team Rocket	group	53	 At the end of the Onix tracks in a large, open area Team Rocket set themselves in wait of the Onix.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Meanwhile Team Rocket are blasting missiles at the giant Onix.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket are shouting for help as Ash and the others arrive.	
Team Rocket	group	9	 To save Team Rocket, Brock sends out his Onix and Misty sends out her Staryu.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket use the opportunity to run for their lives.	
Team Rocket	group	134	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Elite Four	person	53	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Elite Four	person	78	 Brock can't believe that the man standing before them is none other than the Elite Four's Bruno.	
Elite Four	person	101	 Team Rocket overhear the conversation and plan to catch a strong Onix so they can be as good as the Elite Four without having to do any Pokémon training.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	100	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Poké Ball	item	40	 Onix accepts and Bruno catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Water Gun	move	27	 Misty tells Staryu to use Water Gun but it is largely ineffective.	
Water Gun	move	28	 Ash orders Squirtle to use Water Gun too and the combined water attacks cause the Onix to recoil from the cave.	
Water Gun	move	40	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Sandslash	pokemon	78	 Asking Onix to bear with the momentary pain, he strains before pulling out a Sandslash.	
Sandslash	pokemon	16	 Apparently the Sandslash was irritating Onix the whole time and causing it to act aggressively.	
Squirtle	pokemon	13	 Ash chooses Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Squirtle to use Water Gun too and the combined water attacks cause the Onix to recoil from the cave.	
Squirtle	pokemon	93	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu jumps down and uses his ThunderShock attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is about to try again before Ash grabs him telling Pikachu that electric attacks won't work.	
Pikachu	pokemon	60	 Pikachu is about to try again before Ash grabs him telling Pikachu that electric attacks won't work.	
Pikachu	pokemon	80	 But before Onix can strike a lightning fast Bruno leaps in and carries Ash and Pikachu to safety.	
Pikachu	pokemon	99	 He then tells them the true secret is for Pokémon and humans to care for each other like Ash and Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu laugh together as they become one day closer to the Pokémon League.	
Trainer	person	83	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Trainer	person	41	 Ash asks her if she knows of a Pokémon Trainer named Bruno training around the area.	
Trainer	person	58	 Brock denies this and is ready to prove Bruno is a great Trainer.	
Trainer	person	52	 Bruno says that it's no secret that to be a strong Trainer you have to catch strong Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	With three weeks left until the Pokémon League competition Ash has fallen behind in training.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 Brock adds that they were learning the 'powers of Pokémon' despite not knowing what those power were.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Ash asks her if she knows of a Pokémon Trainer named Bruno training around the area.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 The old lady doesn't recognize the name but tells the trio that Pokémon Trainers have been stealing her meatball kebabs.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Brock gets on his knees, and asks him to help Ash train for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	108	As Bruno recovers from the incident, he asks Brock and Ash if they really want to know about the secrets of Pokémon training.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 Bruno says that it's no secret that to be a strong Trainer you have to catch strong Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	137	 Team Rocket overhear the conversation and plan to catch a strong Onix so they can be as good as the Elite Four without having to do any Pokémon training.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	Following the gigantic Onix tracks, Meowth believes that they have no hope of catching such a big Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Ash and Brock ask him what Pokémon and attack he will use.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 Bruno states that he will not use a Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Bruno lets the Ground-type Pokémon go and asks Onix if it wants to come with him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	 He then tells them the true secret is for Pokémon and humans to care for each other like Ash and Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 Ash and Pikachu laugh together as they become one day closer to the Pokémon League.	
Pokédex	item	49	 The heroes are shocked and Ash checks it on his Pokédex.	
Ground	type	16	 Bruno lets the Ground-type Pokémon go and asks Onix if it wants to come with him.	
Jessie	person	93	 As they are about to start their motto, Meowth pulls out a remote and speeds it up, leaving Jessie and James exhausted.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James reveal that they have an unexpected weapon to catch Onix.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie stubbornly says that they came for an Onix and that's what they would get.	
Meowth	pokemon	41	 As they are about to start their motto, Meowth pulls out a remote and speeds it up, leaving Jessie and James exhausted.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth adds they're also living off the old lady's meatball kebabs.	
Meowth	pokemon	36	Following the gigantic Onix tracks, Meowth believes that they have no hope of catching such a big Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	54	 The Onix is much bigger than they were expecting and Meowth suggests they forget the idea.	
Tackle	move	30	 Brock orders his Onix to use Tackle, but it gets knocked back due to the size of the huge Onix.	
Staryu	pokemon	71	 To save Team Rocket, Brock sends out his Onix and Misty sends out her Staryu.	
Staryu	pokemon	13	 Misty tells Staryu to use Water Gun but it is largely ineffective.	
Staryu	pokemon	82	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Brock	person	37	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock adds that they were learning the 'powers of Pokémon' despite not knowing what those power were.	
Brock	person	9	 However Brock and Misty lament that the famous Bruno wouldn't waste his time with them.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock, completely exhausted, convince Misty that she should rest.	
Brock	person	12	 As Ash and Brock eat, a bunch of windchimes start rattling.	
Brock	person	28	Continuing up the mountain, Brock comments that they have been walking for hours but haven't seen any sign of Bruno or any giant Onix.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says that it doesn't look like a road but more like tracks made by a really big creature.	
Brock	person	41	 The group turn to thank him and Ash and Brock are amazed by who they see.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock can't believe that the man standing before them is none other than the Elite Four's Bruno.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock gets on his knees, and asks him to help Ash train for the Pokémon League.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock motions for Ash to ask as well.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock theorizes that the task is to make them physically strong.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock denies this and is ready to prove Bruno is a great Trainer.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock says that he will sneak up behind him and hit him with a stick, claiming Bruno should sense Brock and stop the attack.	
Brock	person	99	 Brock says that he will sneak up behind him and hit him with a stick, claiming Bruno should sense Brock and stop the attack.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock envisions him doing so and goes behind Bruno and attacks full force.	
Brock	person	36	 Bruno fails to detect anything and Brock strikes him hard over the head leaving a large bruise.	
Brock	person	45	As Bruno recovers from the incident, he asks Brock and Ash if they really want to know about the secrets of Pokémon training.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Ash eagerly reply yes.	
Brock	person	30	 These revelations leave Ash, Brock and Misty groaning.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock is distraught that Bruno isn't who he thought he was.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading back down the mountain when they hear a loud noise.	
Brock	person	22	 To save Team Rocket, Brock sends out his Onix and Misty sends out her Staryu.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock orders his Onix to use Tackle, but it gets knocked back due to the size of the huge Onix.	
Brock	person	106	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Brock	person	9	 Ash and Brock ask him what Pokémon and attack he will use.	
Brock	person	37	 He jumps back up to Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
James	person	104	 As they are about to start their motto, Meowth pulls out a remote and speeds it up, leaving Jessie and James exhausted.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James reveal that they have an unexpected weapon to catch Onix.	
Bruno	person	66	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Bruno	person	4	 As Bruno commands a ThunderPunch, the TV is switched off.	
Bruno	person	48	 Ash tells Misty they were studying the tape of Bruno.	
Bruno	person	19	 Ash comments that Bruno could train him to learn the power.	
Bruno	person	48	 However Brock and Misty lament that the famous Bruno wouldn't waste his time with them.	
Bruno	person	63	 Ash confidently states that if they knew how to find him then Bruno would definitely teach him.	
Bruno	person	78	 Just then Ash's mother enters telling the group that she knows where to find Bruno.	
Bruno	person	12	 Apparently Bruno's secret training ground is on Mt.	
Bruno	person	55	 Ash asks her if she knows of a Pokémon Trainer named Bruno training around the area.	
Bruno	person	110	Continuing up the mountain, Brock comments that they have been walking for hours but haven't seen any sign of Bruno or any giant Onix.	
Bruno	person	91	 Brock can't believe that the man standing before them is none other than the Elite Four's Bruno.	
Bruno	person	31	 The three heroes are trailing Bruno up the mountain when Bruno asks if there is a reason why they are following him.	
Bruno	person	58	 The three heroes are trailing Bruno up the mountain when Bruno asks if there is a reason why they are following him.	
Bruno	person	29	 Ash kneels also and ask for Bruno's help.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno agrees to help them as long as they are willing to do everything he tells them to do.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno tells Ash this is to give him a firm grip.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno tells them that this will teach them how to control their 'inner nature'.	
Bruno	person	9	 Finally Bruno asks Ash to peel the bark of a twig.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno takes it and tells them the lesson is to always pack a fork when camping.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno breaks the twig in two and uses them as chopsticks.	
Bruno	person	70	 Ash is a little discouraged by this and Misty says she thinks all of Bruno's lessons seem phony.	
Bruno	person	41	 Brock denies this and is ready to prove Bruno is a great Trainer.	
Bruno	person	80	 Brock says that he will sneak up behind him and hit him with a stick, claiming Bruno should sense Brock and stop the attack.	
Bruno	person	46	 Brock envisions him doing so and goes behind Bruno and attacks full force.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno fails to detect anything and Brock strikes him hard over the head leaving a large bruise.	
Bruno	person	3	As Bruno recovers from the incident, he asks Brock and Ash if they really want to know about the secrets of Pokémon training.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno tells them there are no such secrets and the reason he was on Mt.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno says that it's no secret that to be a strong Trainer you have to catch strong Pokémon.	
Bruno	person	26	 Brock is distraught that Bruno isn't who he thought he was.	
Bruno	person	45	 But before Onix can strike a lightning fast Bruno leaps in and carries Ash and Pikachu to safety.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno looks down at the Onix which is thrashing around.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno states that he will not use a Pokémon.Bruno jumps down and asks Onix why it is acting so violent.	
Bruno	person	46	 Bruno states that he will not use a Pokémon.Bruno jumps down and asks Onix why it is acting so violent.	
Bruno	person	42	 The Onix dives at him several times, but Bruno dodges its hits asking it why it is attacking him.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno then jumps on Onix's head.	
Bruno	person	39	 Onix whips his tail around but misses Bruno and connects with its own head disorienting it.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno requests it not to be afraid of him and asks it to let him know what it is feeling.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno lets the Ground-type Pokémon go and asks Onix if it wants to come with him.	
Bruno	person	18	 Onix accepts and Bruno catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Bruno	person	1	 Bruno farewells the trio telling Ash he looks forward to facing him in battle.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty chastises Ash for goofing off.	
Misty	person	11	 Ash tells Misty they were studying the tape of Bruno.	
Misty	person	19	 However Brock and Misty lament that the famous Bruno wouldn't waste his time with them.	
Misty	person	34	Now on their way to the mountain, Misty tells the group that Mt.	
Misty	person	47	 Ash and Brock, completely exhausted, convince Misty that she should rest.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty doesn't recognize the man.	
Misty	person	92	 Ash adds that it also helps inner balance and outer equilibrium before falling and soaking Misty.	
Misty	person	54	 Ash chops the wood which sends a piece flying off in Misty's direction hitting her in the face and knocking her off the rock she was sitting on.	
Misty	person	41	 Ash is a little discouraged by this and Misty says she thinks all of Bruno's lessons seem phony.	
Misty	person	40	 These revelations leave Ash, Brock and Misty groaning.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading back down the mountain when they hear a loud noise.	
Misty	person	51	 To save Team Rocket, Brock sends out his Onix and Misty sends out her Staryu.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Staryu to use Water Gun but it is largely ineffective.	
Misty	person	26	 He jumps back up to Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
Water	type	27	 Misty tells Staryu to use Water Gun but it is largely ineffective.	
Water	type	28	 Ash orders Squirtle to use Water Gun too and the combined water attacks cause the Onix to recoil from the cave.	
Water	type	40	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Onix	pokemon	68	 The lady tells the heroes that the mountain is known for overgrown Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	53	 The lady assures them that, despite their size, the Onix are very gentle.	
Onix	pokemon	129	Continuing up the mountain, Brock comments that they have been walking for hours but haven't seen any sign of Bruno or any giant Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	78	 Suddenly an intense rumbling is heard and the heroes turn to see an enormous Onix heading their way.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix approaches as the three run for their lives.	
Onix	pokemon	25	 When it looks as if the Onix is about to crush them a man beckons them to jump behind a rock.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix goes by leaving them unharmed.	
Onix	pokemon	35	 Hideaway was to catch the biggest Onix he could find.	
Onix	pokemon	66	 Team Rocket overhear the conversation and plan to catch a strong Onix so they can be as good as the Elite Four without having to do any Pokémon training.	
Onix	pokemon	23	Following the gigantic Onix tracks, Meowth believes that they have no hope of catching such a big Pokémon.	
Onix	pokemon	70	 Jessie and James reveal that they have an unexpected weapon to catch Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	19	 At the end of the Onix tracks in a large, open area Team Rocket set themselves in wait of the Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	95	 At the end of the Onix tracks in a large, open area Team Rocket set themselves in wait of the Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	43	 The ground begins rumbling as an enormous Onix bursts from underground.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix is much bigger than they were expecting and Meowth suggests they forget the idea.	
Onix	pokemon	46	 Jessie stubbornly says that they came for an Onix and that's what they would get.	
Onix	pokemon	58	 Meanwhile Team Rocket are blasting missiles at the giant Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	26	 The smoke clears and the Onix is completely unharmed and begins advancing on them.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix begins tackling the wall of the cave causing it to start collapsing.	
Onix	pokemon	42	 To save Team Rocket, Brock sends out his Onix and Misty sends out her Staryu.	
Onix	pokemon	18	 Brock orders his Onix to use Tackle, but it gets knocked back due to the size of the huge Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	91	 Brock orders his Onix to use Tackle, but it gets knocked back due to the size of the huge Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	83	 Ash orders Squirtle to use Water Gun too and the combined water attacks cause the Onix to recoil from the cave.	
Onix	pokemon	10	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Onix	pokemon	114	 The wild Onix recovers from the double Water Gun attack and uses its tail to hit Staryu and Squirtle and Brock's Onix before sending Team Rocket on their way.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix then notices the heroes standing on the ledge above.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix tackles the edge where they are standing causing Ash to lose his balance and fall into the area right in front of Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	124	 The Onix tackles the edge where they are standing causing Ash to lose his balance and fall into the area right in front of Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 But Onix just shakes it off.	
Onix	pokemon	31	 They huddle together awaiting Onix's attack.	
Onix	pokemon	12	 But before Onix can strike a lightning fast Bruno leaps in and carries Ash and Pikachu to safety.	
Onix	pokemon	25	 Bruno looks down at the Onix which is thrashing around.	
Onix	pokemon	26	Bruno jumps down and asks Onix why it is acting so violent.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix dives at him several times, but Bruno dodges its hits asking it why it is attacking him.	
Onix	pokemon	21	 Bruno then jumps on Onix's head.	
Onix	pokemon	1	 Onix whips his tail around but misses Bruno and connects with its own head disorienting it.	
Onix	pokemon	31	 He then starts feeling around Onix's body.	
Onix	pokemon	39	 Eventually he finds something between Onix's rocks.	
Onix	pokemon	8	 Asking Onix to bear with the momentary pain, he strains before pulling out a Sandslash.	
Onix	pokemon	41	 Apparently the Sandslash was irritating Onix the whole time and causing it to act aggressively.	
Onix	pokemon	49	 Bruno lets the Ground-type Pokémon go and asks Onix if it wants to come with him.	
Onix	pokemon	1	 Onix accepts and Bruno catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	40	 Onix accepts and Bruno catches it in a Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	60	With three weeks left until the Pokémon League competition Ash has fallen behind in training.	
Ash	person	17	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Ash	person	29	 On the couch of Ash's home, Ash and Brock watch the Elite Four's Bruno battling a Trainer with his Hitmonchan.	
Ash	person	17	 Misty chastises Ash for goofing off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Misty they were studying the tape of Bruno.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments that Bruno could train him to learn the power.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash confidently states that if they knew how to find him then Bruno would definitely teach him.	
Ash	person	11	 Just then Ash's mother enters telling the group that she knows where to find Bruno.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash jumps up and tells his mother not to make dinner as they are going up to Mt.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock, completely exhausted, convince Misty that she should rest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks her if she knows of a Pokémon Trainer named Bruno training around the area.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and Brock eat, a bunch of windchimes start rattling.	
Ash	person	50	 Push broom in hand the lady runs out followed by Ash and company.	
Ash	person	25	 The lady gives chase as Ash recognizes the bandits as Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	22	 After this they tell Ash that because they always get beaten by him they have decided to become hermits and live off the land.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices what he thinks is a road.	
Ash	person	33	 The group turn to thank him and Ash and Brock are amazed by who they see.	
Ash	person	47	 Brock gets on his knees, and asks him to help Ash train for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	19	 Brock motions for Ash to ask as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash kneels also and ask for Bruno's help.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash adds that it also helps inner balance and outer equilibrium before falling and soaking Misty.	
Ash	person	13	 Bruno tells Ash this is to give him a firm grip.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash chops the wood which sends a piece flying off in Misty's direction hitting her in the face and knocking her off the rock she was sitting on.	
Ash	person	20	 Finally Bruno asks Ash to peel the bark of a twig.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash peels it perfectly.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is a little discouraged by this and Misty says she thinks all of Bruno's lessons seem phony.	
Ash	person	55	As Bruno recovers from the incident, he asks Brock and Ash if they really want to know about the secrets of Pokémon training.	
Ash	person	11	 Brock and Ash eagerly reply yes.	
Ash	person	25	 These revelations leave Ash, Brock and Misty groaning.	
Ash	person	82	 Jessie stubbornly says that they came for an Onix and that's what they would get.Ash, Misty, and Brock are heading back down the mountain when they hear a loud noise.	
Ash	person	38	 Team Rocket are shouting for help as Ash and the others arrive.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash chooses Squirtle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Squirtle to use Water Gun too and the combined water attacks cause the Onix to recoil from the cave.	
Ash	person	59	 The Onix tackles the edge where they are standing causing Ash to lose his balance and fall into the area right in front of Onix.	
Ash	person	38	 Pikachu is about to try again before Ash grabs him telling Pikachu that electric attacks won't work.	
Ash	person	72	 But before Onix can strike a lightning fast Bruno leaps in and carries Ash and Pikachu to safety.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Brock ask him what Pokémon and attack he will use.	
Ash	person	28	 The heroes are shocked and Ash checks it on his Pokédex.	
Ash	person	21	 He jumps back up to Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
Ash	person	91	 He then tells them the true secret is for Pokémon and humans to care for each other like Ash and Pikachu.	
Ash	person	34	 Bruno farewells the trio telling Ash he looks forward to facing him in battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu laugh together as they become one day closer to the Pokémon League.	
