Pokémon League	group	32	Ash is finally training for the Pokémon League, and is battling Brock.	
Pokémon League	group	133	So the mystery of Pokémopolis has been solved, but the biggest mystery has yet to be solved - will Ash ever get to training for the Pokémon League?	
Brock's Vulpix	pokemon	27	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Flamethrower	move	65	 Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt, and Vulpix is about to use Flamethrower, when Jigglypuff appears in-between them.	
Pallet Town	settlement	24	 As the nearest town is Pallet Town, Ash tries to stop it.	
Team Rocket	group	12	That night, Team Rocket attempts to steal the rare and valuable artifacts from the temple.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 It absorbs Arbok, and chases after Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	103	 Gengar knocks Alakazam backward, and it crashes into Jigglypuff, sending it flying into the distance, Team Rocket style.	
Team Rocket	group	17	 Ash walks up to Team Rocket, and they decide not to battle Ash this time, and run off.	
Pokémopolis	region	89	Eve and the other archaeologists are digging up artifacts related to the ancient city of Pokémopolis, and a professor finds a spoon similar to the first artifact.	
Pokémopolis	region	1	 Pokémopolis was destroyed in a storm a long time ago, and an ancient tablet reads that two great powers of destruction will fight and destroy the world, and no human knows the secret to stop them.	
Pokémopolis	region	18	So the mystery of Pokémopolis has been solved, but the biggest mystery has yet to be solved - will Ash ever get to training for the Pokémon League?	
Thunderbolt	move	25	 Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt, and Vulpix is about to use Flamethrower, when Jigglypuff appears in-between them.	
Thunderbolt	move	24	Ash has his Pikachu use Thunderbolt on them when they step into the water, but although they are affected, no significant damage is caused to them.	
Night Shade	move	48	 Gengar and Alakazam enter a beam struggle with Night Shade and Psybeam respectively, and where the beams collide, they shoot into the sky, threatening to destroy the entire planet.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	84	 Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt, and Vulpix is about to use Flamethrower, when Jigglypuff appears in-between them.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	7	 Then, Jigglypuff appears and sings its song.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	83	 Everyone inside the giant Gengar falls asleep, but Gengar and Alakazam do not, as Jigglypuff is too small to put them to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	54	 Gengar knocks Alakazam backward, and it crashes into Jigglypuff, sending it flying into the distance, Team Rocket style.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	9	However, Jigglypuff's song makes the giant bell glow, and it summons forth a giant Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	83	However, Jigglypuff's song makes the giant bell glow, and it summons forth a giant Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	11	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	23	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	45	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	10	 He sends Pidgeotto after it, but the Gust Attack doesn't do much, and Pidgeotto is absorbed by Gengar.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	71	 He sends Pidgeotto after it, but the Gust Attack doesn't do much, and Pidgeotto is absorbed by Gengar.	
Alakazam	pokemon	47	 The two artifacts then transform into a giant Alakazam, also with strange markings on it.	
Alakazam	pokemon	12	 Gengar and Alakazam battle.	
Alakazam	pokemon	1	 Alakazam shoots energy waves that, when they hit the ground or a wall, transform into strangely-shaped stones.	
Alakazam	pokemon	12	 Gengar and Alakazam enter a beam struggle with Night Shade and Psybeam respectively, and where the beams collide, they shoot into the sky, threatening to destroy the entire planet.	
Alakazam	pokemon	63	 Everyone inside the giant Gengar falls asleep, but Gengar and Alakazam do not, as Jigglypuff is too small to put them to sleep.	
Alakazam	pokemon	15	 Gengar knocks Alakazam backward, and it crashes into Jigglypuff, sending it flying into the distance, Team Rocket style.	
Alakazam	pokemon	85	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Alakazam	pokemon	96	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Alakazam	pokemon	215	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt, and Vulpix is about to use Flamethrower, when Jigglypuff appears in-between them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 At Ash and Brock's command, Pikachu and Vulpix fire their attacks in a different direction, destroying a rock wall.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	Ash has his Pikachu use Thunderbolt on them when they step into the water, but although they are affected, no significant damage is caused to them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	139	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Psybeam	move	64	 Gengar and Alakazam enter a beam struggle with Night Shade and Psybeam respectively, and where the beams collide, they shoot into the sky, threatening to destroy the entire planet.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	Ash is finally training for the Pokémon League, and is battling Brock.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	When Ash and the others wake up, the dark clouds have vanished, as have the three giant Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	133	So the mystery of Pokémopolis has been solved, but the biggest mystery has yet to be solved - will Ash ever get to training for the Pokémon League?	
Gengar	pokemon	75	 It then absorbs all the archaeologists except Eve, and turns into a giant Gengar with strange markings on it.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar heads to the nearest town to destroy it.	
Gengar	pokemon	96	 He sends Pidgeotto after it, but the Gust Attack doesn't do much, and Pidgeotto is absorbed by Gengar.	
Gengar	pokemon	66	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Gengar	pokemon	84	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Gengar	pokemon	106	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar and Alakazam battle.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar and Alakazam enter a beam struggle with Night Shade and Psybeam respectively, and where the beams collide, they shoot into the sky, threatening to destroy the entire planet.	
Gengar	pokemon	27	 Everyone inside the giant Gengar falls asleep, but Gengar and Alakazam do not, as Jigglypuff is too small to put them to sleep.	
Gengar	pokemon	52	 Everyone inside the giant Gengar falls asleep, but Gengar and Alakazam do not, as Jigglypuff is too small to put them to sleep.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar knocks Alakazam backward, and it crashes into Jigglypuff, sending it flying into the distance, Team Rocket style.	
Gengar	pokemon	74	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Gengar	pokemon	85	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Gengar	pokemon	204	 Just like the regular Jigglypuff, the giant Jigglypuff gets angry when it sees that Gengar and Alakazam fell asleep, and pulls off the head of the bell, revealing it to be a paintbrush, and scribbles on Gengar and Alakazam's faces.	
Gengar	pokemon	33	 The artifacts and all the giant Gengar's victims have all reappeared.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie has her Arbok enter the temple and bring back the most valuable thing it can find.	
Vulpix	pokemon	35	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Vulpix	pokemon	42	 Pikachu is about to use Thunderbolt, and Vulpix is about to use Flamethrower, when Jigglypuff appears in-between them.	
Vulpix	pokemon	41	 At Ash and Brock's command, Pikachu and Vulpix fire their attacks in a different direction, destroying a rock wall.	
Togepi	pokemon	152	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Brock	person	65	Ash is finally training for the Pokémon League, and is battling Brock.	
Brock	person	27	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Brock	person	12	 At Ash and Brock's command, Pikachu and Vulpix fire their attacks in a different direction, destroying a rock wall.	
Brock	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Brock chase after it while Eve heads back to the van, where the artifacts are floating around.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.	
Brock	person	30	Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Brock	person	127	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Brock chase after it while Eve heads back to the van, where the artifacts are floating around.	
Misty	person	19	Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Misty	person	120	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Arbok	pokemon	16	 Jessie has her Arbok enter the temple and bring back the most valuable thing it can find.	
Arbok	pokemon	12	 It absorbs Arbok, and chases after Team Rocket.	
Onix	pokemon	13	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.	
Onix	pokemon	35	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.	
Bind	move	44	 Brock sends Onix after it and has Onix use Bind, wrapping around Gengar's leg, but Gengar absorbs it too.	
Gust	move	38	 He sends Pidgeotto after it, but the Gust Attack doesn't do much, and Pidgeotto is absorbed by Gengar.	
Eve	person	73	 They find an ancient artifact in the rubble, and an archaeologist named Eve takes it.Eve and the other archaeologists are digging up artifacts related to the ancient city of Pokémopolis, and a professor finds a spoon similar to the first artifact.	
Eve	person	86	 They find an ancient artifact in the rubble, and an archaeologist named Eve takes it.Eve and the other archaeologists are digging up artifacts related to the ancient city of Pokémopolis, and a professor finds a spoon similar to the first artifact.	
Eve	person	47	 It then absorbs all the archaeologists except Eve, and turns into a giant Gengar with strange markings on it.	
Eve	person	44	 Ash, Misty, and Brock chase after it while Eve heads back to the van, where the artifacts are floating around.	
Eve	person	59	Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Eve	person	246	Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Eve	person	134	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Pikachu is battling Brock's Vulpix.	
Ash	person	4	 At Ash and Brock's command, Pikachu and Vulpix fire their attacks in a different direction, destroying a rock wall.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and his friends walk closer, they see that they have uncovered the entrance to a temple, as well as a gigantic bell.	
Ash	person	37	 As the nearest town is Pallet Town, Ash tries to stop it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Brock chase after it while Eve heads back to the van, where the artifacts are floating around.	
Ash	person	14	Gengar chases Ash, Misty, and Brock back to the van, where Eve is possessed by the two strange artifacts (the one that looks like a spoon and the other one with the same design), and the spoon sticks in the other one like a key, and the spell on Eve and the other artifacts is broken.	
Ash	person	181	 Gengar and Alakazam enter a beam struggle with Night Shade and Psybeam respectively, and where the beams collide, they shoot into the sky, threatening to destroy the entire planet.Ash has his Pikachu use Thunderbolt on them when they step into the water, but although they are affected, no significant damage is caused to them.	
Ash	person	115	 The giant Jigglypuff's song is loud and powerful enough to put the giant Gengar and Alakazam to sleep, as well as Ash, Misty, Brock, Eve, Pikachu, and Togepi.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash and the others wake up, the dark clouds have vanished, as have the three giant Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash walks up to Team Rocket, and they decide not to battle Ash this time, and run off.	
Ash	person	60	 Ash walks up to Team Rocket, and they decide not to battle Ash this time, and run off.	
Ash	person	100	So the mystery of Pokémopolis has been solved, but the biggest mystery has yet to be solved - will Ash ever get to training for the Pokémon League?	
