Ash's Bulbasaur	pokemon	48	The battle begins with Otoshi's Marowak against Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	59	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Ash's Pidgeotto	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Jessie's Arbok	pokemon	1	 Jessie's Arbok then comes over to attack.	
Indigo Plateau	region	86	 Brock leads Ash and Misty through a grass field suggesting that it is a short cut to Indigo Plateau, when a shadow suddenly flies by and jumps into the air.	
Indigo Plateau	region	34	Later, Ash and his friends notice Indigo Plateau up ahead and they all begin to run as their journey continues.	
Pokémon League	group	111	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	137	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	178	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	77	 Otoshi admits that his Badges were stolen from him as he was walking to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	44	Jessie is revealed to be heading toward the Pokémon League with the Badges.	
Pokémon League	group	110	Meanwhile, Marowak is walking through the woods and notices some Trainers and their Pokémon training for the Pokémon League, which reminds it of the intense training it went through with Otoshi.	
Pokémon League	group	64	Otoshi walks over to Marowak asking it if it will battle in the Pokémon League by Otoshi's side.	
Pokémon League	group	139	 Brock congratulates Ash for doing the right thing by stopping and helping someone who really needed it, despite almost being late for the Pokémon League.	
Thunder Shock	move	33	 Then Pikachu jumps out and uses Thunder Shock against Marowak, causing it to faint.	
Professor Oak	person	55	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Professor Oak	person	48	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
Focus Energy	move	73	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Focus Energy	move	32	 Otoshi commands Marowak to use Focus Energy as Arbok begins to use Double-Edge.	
Double-Edge	move	68	 Otoshi commands Marowak to use Focus Energy as Arbok begins to use Double-Edge.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 It is revealed that Team Rocket took his Badges as he lay dazed in the pit.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 So, they all agree to work together in search of Team Rocket to retrieve the Badges.	
Team Rocket	group	54	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Team Rocket	group	95	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 When they land, Otoshi commands Team Rocket to give up the Badges, when Meowth admits that they have been robbed as well.	
Team Rocket	group	58	 Above Jessie and the Trainer are James and Meowth in the Team Rocket Balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	130	 James begins to recite their motto, then Jessie joins in and the Trainer runs away after realizing that the woman is a member of Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	34	 James declares from then on that Team Rocket shall steal as a team and not as individuals.	
Team Rocket	group	53	 That's when Ash and the gang arrive and demand that Team Rocket give the Badges back to Otoshi.	
Team Rocket	group	60	 Marowak then uses Bonemerang, sending Arbok flying towards Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	144	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Team Rocket	group	169	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Team Rocket	group	75	 Otoshi then commands his Marowak to use Bonemerang at the balloon sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Bonemerang	move	19	 Marowak then uses Bonemerang, sending Arbok flying towards Team Rocket.	
Bonemerang	move	41	 Otoshi then commands his Marowak to use Bonemerang at the balloon sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Vine Whip	move	32	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Bone Club	move	95	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Bone Club	move	71	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Bone Club	move	20	 Then, Marowak uses Bone Club and stops Arbok in its tracks.	
Poké Ball	item	85	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	18	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	20	 Ash then instructs Pidgeotto to pop their balloon so that they can't get away.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	54	The battle begins with Otoshi's Marowak against Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Bulbasaur to use Tackle against Marowak, which misses as Marowak dodges.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	15	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	38	 Then Marowak rushes over and attacks Bulbasaur, causing critical damage.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	29	 Ash substitutes Pikachu for Bulbasaur.	
Marowak	pokemon	32	The battle begins with Otoshi's Marowak against Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Marowak	pokemon	14	 Ash looks up Marowak on his Pokédex, which suggests that despite Marowak's small size, Marowak's strength is quite impressive.	
Marowak	pokemon	67	 Ash looks up Marowak on his Pokédex, which suggests that despite Marowak's small size, Marowak's strength is quite impressive.	
Marowak	pokemon	89	 Ash looks up Marowak on his Pokédex, which suggests that despite Marowak's small size, Marowak's strength is quite impressive.	
Marowak	pokemon	48	 Brock warns Ash not to get caught off guard by Marowak's strength.	
Marowak	pokemon	46	 Ash commands Bulbasaur to use Tackle against Marowak, which misses as Marowak dodges.	
Marowak	pokemon	71	 Ash commands Bulbasaur to use Tackle against Marowak, which misses as Marowak dodges.	
Marowak	pokemon	58	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Marowak	pokemon	6	 Then Marowak rushes over and attacks Bulbasaur, causing critical damage.	
Marowak	pokemon	19	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Marowak	pokemon	37	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Marowak	pokemon	55	 Then Pikachu jumps out and uses Thunder Shock against Marowak, causing it to faint.	
Marowak	pokemon	12	 Otoshi and Marowak noticed some fruit on the ground.	
Marowak	pokemon	1	 Marowak starts throwing a tantrum, and Meowth translates to Otoshi that Marowak doesn't want to be his Pokémon anymore, because of all of its hard work going to waste.	
Marowak	pokemon	73	 Marowak starts throwing a tantrum, and Meowth translates to Otoshi that Marowak doesn't want to be his Pokémon anymore, because of all of its hard work going to waste.	
Marowak	pokemon	18	 When Otoshi asks Marowak to stay, the Bone Keeper Pokémon pushes Otoshi away and leaves him.	
Marowak	pokemon	85	Ash, Misty, and Brock agree that they all have to find Jessie and the Badges or else Marowak may never come back.	
Marowak	pokemon	11	Meanwhile, Marowak is walking through the woods and notices some Trainers and their Pokémon training for the Pokémon League, which reminds it of the intense training it went through with Otoshi.	
Marowak	pokemon	1	 Marowak then decides to go back to Otoshi's side as his Pokémon.	
Marowak	pokemon	40	 The bone is revealed to have come from Marowak, who has returned to Otoshi.	
Marowak	pokemon	17	 Otoshi commands Marowak to use Focus Energy as Arbok begins to use Double-Edge.	
Marowak	pokemon	7	 Then, Marowak uses Bone Club and stops Arbok in its tracks.	
Marowak	pokemon	1	 Marowak then uses Bonemerang, sending Arbok flying towards Team Rocket.	
Marowak	pokemon	26	 Otoshi then commands his Marowak to use Bonemerang at the balloon sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Marowak	pokemon	21	Otoshi walks over to Marowak asking it if it will battle in the Pokémon League by Otoshi's side.	
Marowak	pokemon	1	 Marowak accepts as Misty returns the Badges to Otoshi safe and sound.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Ash substitutes Pikachu for Bulbasaur.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	84	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	101	 Pikachu rushes to Marowak, but then Marowak starts continuously using Bone Club on Pikachu, causing Pikachu to have to dodge the attacks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Then Pikachu jumps out and uses Thunder Shock against Marowak, causing it to faint.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Thunder	move	33	 Then Pikachu jumps out and uses Thunder Shock against Marowak, causing it to faint.	
Weezing	pokemon	21	 James sends out his Weezing in order to stop Arbok from colliding with them.	
Weezing	pokemon	103	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Trainer	person	68	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Trainer	person	15	Jessie spots a Trainer admiring his Badges, and after seeing how pretty the Badges look, she begins thinking about taking them.	
Trainer	person	22	 Above Jessie and the Trainer are James and Meowth in the Team Rocket Balloon.	
Trainer	person	41	 James guesses that the woman beside the Trainer is Jessie by the style of clothing she is wearing.	
Trainer	person	94	 Meowth agrees and decides to land, right as Jessie attempts to steal the Badges of the other Trainer.	
Trainer	person	66	 James begins to recite their motto, then Jessie joins in and the Trainer runs away after realizing that the woman is a member of Team Rocket.	
Pokémon	pokemon	111	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	137	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	114	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	178	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	77	 Otoshi admits that his Badges were stolen from him as he was walking to the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	Jessie is revealed to be heading toward the Pokémon League with the Badges.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 Marowak starts throwing a tantrum, and Meowth translates to Otoshi that Marowak doesn't want to be his Pokémon anymore, because of all of its hard work going to waste.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 When Otoshi asks Marowak to stay, the Bone Keeper Pokémon pushes Otoshi away and leaves him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	85	 Jessie tells Otoshi that she won't give the Badges back unless he can beat her in a Pokémon battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	Meanwhile, Marowak is walking through the woods and notices some Trainers and their Pokémon training for the Pokémon League, which reminds it of the intense training it went through with Otoshi.	
Pokémon	pokemon	110	Meanwhile, Marowak is walking through the woods and notices some Trainers and their Pokémon training for the Pokémon League, which reminds it of the intense training it went through with Otoshi.	
Pokémon	pokemon	57	 Marowak then decides to go back to Otoshi's side as his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	64	Otoshi walks over to Marowak asking it if it will battle in the Pokémon League by Otoshi's side.	
Pokémon	pokemon	139	 Brock congratulates Ash for doing the right thing by stopping and helping someone who really needed it, despite almost being late for the Pokémon League.	
Pokédex	item	29	 Ash looks up Marowak on his Pokédex, which suggests that despite Marowak's small size, Marowak's strength is quite impressive.	
Jessie	person	115	 James suggests to Meowth they take one more look at the Badges when Meowth realizes that they're gone, along with Jessie.	
Jessie	person	42	 That's when James says that he remembers Jessie going off to shop with a big square package in a big green handkerchief.	
Jessie	person	30	 Meowth then figures out that Jessie must have stolen the stolen Badges from them.Jessie is revealed to be heading toward the Pokémon League with the Badges.	
Jessie	person	82	 Meowth then figures out that Jessie must have stolen the stolen Badges from them.Jessie is revealed to be heading toward the Pokémon League with the Badges.	
Jessie	person	36	 Meowth tells Ash and the gang that Jessie had stolen them.	
Jessie	person	55	Ash, Misty, and Brock agree that they all have to find Jessie and the Badges or else Marowak may never come back.	
Jessie	person	63	 However, James and Meowth begin to give chase as well to find Jessie first.	
Jessie	person	6	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.Jessie spots a Trainer admiring his Badges, and after seeing how pretty the Badges look, she begins thinking about taking them.	
Jessie	person	121	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.Jessie spots a Trainer admiring his Badges, and after seeing how pretty the Badges look, she begins thinking about taking them.	
Jessie	person	7	 Above Jessie and the Trainer are James and Meowth in the Team Rocket Balloon.	
Jessie	person	52	 James guesses that the woman beside the Trainer is Jessie by the style of clothing she is wearing.	
Jessie	person	45	 Meowth agrees and decides to land, right as Jessie attempts to steal the Badges of the other Trainer.	
Jessie	person	42	 James begins to recite their motto, then Jessie joins in and the Trainer runs away after realizing that the woman is a member of Team Rocket.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tells Otoshi that she won't give the Badges back unless he can beat her in a Pokémon battle.	
Jessie	person	22	 The battle begins as Jessie sends out her Arbok and as Otoshi sends out his Doduo.	
Jessie	person	19	The battle between Jessie and Otoshi begins as Doduo runs over to Arbok and gets slammed by Arbok's tail, and then by its head.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Jessie	person	76	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie's Arbok then comes over to attack.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	 Meanwhile, James and Meowth are bragging to each other about how easy it was to steal Otoshi's Badges.	
Meowth	pokemon	19	 James suggests to Meowth they take one more look at the Badges when Meowth realizes that they're gone, along with Jessie.	
Meowth	pokemon	69	 James suggests to Meowth they take one more look at the Badges when Meowth realizes that they're gone, along with Jessie.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then figures out that Jessie must have stolen the stolen Badges from them.	
Meowth	pokemon	132	 She decides to win the competition by herself, believing that she can be a solo superstar without sharing the glory with James and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	146	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Meowth	pokemon	73	 When they land, Otoshi commands Team Rocket to give up the Badges, when Meowth admits that they have been robbed as well.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tells Ash and the gang that Jessie had stolen them.	
Meowth	pokemon	40	 Marowak starts throwing a tantrum, and Meowth translates to Otoshi that Marowak doesn't want to be his Pokémon anymore, because of all of its hard work going to waste.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 However, James and Meowth begin to give chase as well to find Jessie first.	
Meowth	pokemon	114	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	44	 Above Jessie and the Trainer are James and Meowth in the Team Rocket Balloon.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth agrees and decides to land, right as Jessie attempts to steal the Badges of the other Trainer.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth then throw a smoke bomb at them.	
Tackle	move	31	 Ash commands Bulbasaur to use Tackle against Marowak, which misses as Marowak dodges.	
Otoshi	person	82	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Otoshi	person	66	 Ash turns down the offer and starts heading back on his way when Otoshi suggests that Ash is afraid of losing to him.	
Otoshi	person	23	The battle begins with Otoshi's Marowak against Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Otoshi	person	45	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Otoshi	person	1	 Otoshi then begins to throw a fit over losing, and admits that he has no Badges to give.	
Otoshi	person	1	 Otoshi admits that his Badges were stolen from him as he was walking to the Pokémon League.	
Otoshi	person	1	 Otoshi and Marowak noticed some fruit on the ground.	
Otoshi	person	20	Ash decides to help Otoshi get his Badges back, despite Misty and Brock warning him that they'll be late for the competition.	
Otoshi	person	87	 Meanwhile, James and Meowth are bragging to each other about how easy it was to steal Otoshi's Badges.	
Otoshi	person	17	 When they land, Otoshi commands Team Rocket to give up the Badges, when Meowth admits that they have been robbed as well.	
Otoshi	person	61	 Marowak starts throwing a tantrum, and Meowth translates to Otoshi that Marowak doesn't want to be his Pokémon anymore, because of all of its hard work going to waste.	
Otoshi	person	6	 When Otoshi asks Marowak to stay, the Bone Keeper Pokémon pushes Otoshi away and leaves him.	
Otoshi	person	67	 When Otoshi asks Marowak to stay, the Bone Keeper Pokémon pushes Otoshi away and leaves him.	
Otoshi	person	96	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
Otoshi	person	89	 That's when Ash and the gang arrive and demand that Team Rocket give the Badges back to Otoshi.	
Otoshi	person	14	 Jessie tells Otoshi that she won't give the Badges back unless he can beat her in a Pokémon battle.	
Otoshi	person	56	 The battle begins as Jessie sends out her Arbok and as Otoshi sends out his Doduo.	
Otoshi	person	189	Meanwhile, Marowak is walking through the woods and notices some Trainers and their Pokémon training for the Pokémon League, which reminds it of the intense training it went through with Otoshi.	
Otoshi	person	36	 Marowak then decides to go back to Otoshi's side as his Pokémon.	
Otoshi	person	30	The battle between Jessie and Otoshi begins as Doduo runs over to Arbok and gets slammed by Arbok's tail, and then by its head.	
Otoshi	person	26	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Otoshi	person	69	 The bone is revealed to have come from Marowak, who has returned to Otoshi.	
Otoshi	person	1	 Otoshi commands Marowak to use Focus Energy as Arbok begins to use Double-Edge.	
Otoshi	person	1	 Otoshi then commands his Marowak to use Bonemerang at the balloon sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Otoshi	person	65	 The Badge case then falls from the balloon and Misty catches it.Otoshi walks over to Marowak asking it if it will battle in the Pokémon League by Otoshi's side.	
Otoshi	person	148	 The Badge case then falls from the balloon and Misty catches it.Otoshi walks over to Marowak asking it if it will battle in the Pokémon League by Otoshi's side.	
Otoshi	person	48	 Marowak accepts as Misty returns the Badges to Otoshi safe and sound.	
Doduo	pokemon	77	 The battle begins as Jessie sends out her Arbok and as Otoshi sends out his Doduo.	
Doduo	pokemon	47	The battle between Jessie and Otoshi begins as Doduo runs over to Arbok and gets slammed by Arbok's tail, and then by its head.	
Doduo	pokemon	6	 Then Doduo's heads begin to argue with each other leaving it wide open.	
Doduo	pokemon	32	 Arbok then wraps itself around Doduo and squeezes it.	
Doduo	pokemon	35	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Brock	person	40	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock leads Ash and Misty through a grass field suggesting that it is a short cut to Indigo Plateau, when a shadow suddenly flies by and jumps into the air.	
Brock	person	54	 This tempts Ash into agreeing to the battle, despite Brock and Misty's warnings.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock warns Ash not to get caught off guard by Marowak's strength.	
Brock	person	66	Ash decides to help Otoshi get his Badges back, despite Misty and Brock warning him that they'll be late for the competition.	
Brock	person	32	 After they give a good search, Brock pronounces that it's all just junk.	
Brock	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Brock agree that they all have to find Jessie and the Badges or else Marowak may never come back.	
Brock	person	89	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock congratulates Ash for doing the right thing by stopping and helping someone who really needed it, despite almost being late for the Pokémon League.	
James	person	12	 Meanwhile, James and Meowth are bragging to each other about how easy it was to steal Otoshi's Badges.	
James	person	1	 James suggests to Meowth they take one more look at the Badges when Meowth realizes that they're gone, along with Jessie.	
James	person	13	 That's when James says that he remembers Jessie going off to shop with a big square package in a big green handkerchief.	
James	person	122	 She decides to win the competition by herself, believing that she can be a solo superstar without sharing the glory with James and Meowth.	
James	person	136	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
James	person	10	 However, James and Meowth begin to give chase as well to find Jessie first.	
James	person	104	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
James	person	34	 Above Jessie and the Trainer are James and Meowth in the Team Rocket Balloon.	
James	person	1	 James guesses that the woman beside the Trainer is Jessie by the style of clothing she is wearing.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth then throw a smoke bomb at them.	
James	person	1	 James begins to recite their motto, then Jessie joins in and the Trainer runs away after realizing that the woman is a member of Team Rocket.	
James	person	1	 James declares from then on that Team Rocket shall steal as a team and not as individuals.	
James	person	1	 James sends out his Weezing in order to stop Arbok from colliding with them.	
Misty	person	29	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Misty	person	21	 Brock leads Ash and Misty through a grass field suggesting that it is a short cut to Indigo Plateau, when a shadow suddenly flies by and jumps into the air.	
Misty	person	64	 This tempts Ash into agreeing to the battle, despite Brock and Misty's warnings.	
Misty	person	56	Ash decides to help Otoshi get his Badges back, despite Misty and Brock warning him that they'll be late for the competition.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty demands that they show them all that they own, just in case if they were lying.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Brock agree that they all have to find Jessie and the Badges or else Marowak may never come back.	
Misty	person	78	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
Misty	person	48	 The Badge case then falls from the balloon and Misty catches it.	
Misty	person	20	 Marowak accepts as Misty returns the Badges to Otoshi safe and sound.	
Badge	item	5	 The Badge case then falls from the balloon and Misty catches it.	
Arbok	pokemon	43	 The battle begins as Jessie sends out her Arbok and as Otoshi sends out his Doduo.	
Arbok	pokemon	66	The battle between Jessie and Otoshi begins as Doduo runs over to Arbok and gets slammed by Arbok's tail, and then by its head.	
Arbok	pokemon	92	The battle between Jessie and Otoshi begins as Doduo runs over to Arbok and gets slammed by Arbok's tail, and then by its head.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok then wraps itself around Doduo and squeezes it.	
Arbok	pokemon	10	 Jessie's Arbok then comes over to attack.	
Arbok	pokemon	48	 Otoshi commands Marowak to use Focus Energy as Arbok begins to use Double-Edge.	
Arbok	pokemon	40	 Then, Marowak uses Bone Club and stops Arbok in its tracks.	
Arbok	pokemon	39	 Marowak then uses Bonemerang, sending Arbok flying towards Team Rocket.	
Arbok	pokemon	46	 James sends out his Weezing in order to stop Arbok from colliding with them.	
Arbok	pokemon	115	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Poké	item	85	 Jessie attempts to catch Otoshi's Doduo when a bone comes flying and stops Jessie's Poké Ball mid-air.	
Lab	building	71	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	22	 Oak suggests that if Ash wants to compete that he get on his way immediately.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	66	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	13	 Brock leads Ash and Misty through a grass field suggesting that it is a short cut to Indigo Plateau, when a shadow suddenly flies by and jumps into the air.	
Ash	person	105	 The shadow lands in front of them and is revealed to be a Pokémon Trainer named Otoshi, who challenges Ash to a Pokémon battle, after he realizes that they are heading to the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	19	 However, he tells Ash that the loser must give up all eight of their Badges to the winner.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash turns down the offer and starts heading back on his way when Otoshi suggests that Ash is afraid of losing to him.	
Ash	person	87	 Ash turns down the offer and starts heading back on his way when Otoshi suggests that Ash is afraid of losing to him.	
Ash	person	13	 This tempts Ash into agreeing to the battle, despite Brock and Misty's warnings.	
Ash	person	48	The battle begins with Otoshi's Marowak against Ash's Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks up Marowak on his Pokédex, which suggests that despite Marowak's small size, Marowak's strength is quite impressive.	
Ash	person	13	 Brock warns Ash not to get caught off guard by Marowak's strength.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Bulbasaur to use Tackle against Marowak, which misses as Marowak dodges.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash instructs Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip as Otoshi tells Marowak to use Focus Energy and then Bone Club to deflect the attack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash substitutes Pikachu for Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	76	 It is revealed that Team Rocket took his Badges as he lay dazed in the pit.Ash decides to help Otoshi get his Badges back, despite Misty and Brock warning him that they'll be late for the competition.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash explains that he worked hard for his Badges and how terrible it would have been if he had lost his Badges, that stealing from one person is like stealing from everyone.	
Ash	person	12	 Meanwhile, Ash's Pidgeotto flies about searching for Team Rocket, and appears to have noticed Team Rocket's balloon flying upward with James and Meowth inside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then instructs Pidgeotto to pop their balloon so that they can't get away.	
Ash	person	14	 Meowth tells Ash and the gang that Jessie had stolen them.	
Ash	person	94	 When Otoshi asks Marowak to stay, the Bone Keeper Pokémon pushes Otoshi away and leaves him.Ash, Misty, and Brock agree that they all have to find Jessie and the Badges or else Marowak may never come back.	
Ash	person	73	 then Jessie is then revealed to have donned a disguise in order to fool Ash, Misty, and Brock, Otoshi, James and Meowth.	
Ash	person	13	 That's when Ash and the gang arrive and demand that Team Rocket give the Badges back to Otoshi.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash commands Pikachu to attack, so Pikachu jumps into the air and uses an electric attack on Weezing and Arbok sending them flying to Team Rocket's Balloon as Team Rocket tries to retreat.	
Ash	person	21	 Brock congratulates Ash for doing the right thing by stopping and helping someone who really needed it, despite almost being late for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash and his friends notice Indigo Plateau up ahead and they all begin to run as their journey continues.	
Oak	person	65	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Brock visiting Professor Oak's Lab for some advice on training for the Pokémon League.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak suggests that if Ash wants to compete that he get on his way immediately.	
Oak	person	58	 Ash heads back to his house to get his bag and Professor Oak and Ash's mom give him a heartfelt good luck as he sets on his way for the Pokémon League.	
