Professor Goodshow	person	52	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.	
Charles Goodshow	person	44	 Jenny introduces the man as "The Honorable Charles Goodshow, President of the Pokémon League Torch Committee".	
Indigo Plateau	region	53	The episode begins as Ash, Misty, and Brock approach Indigo Plateau.	
Pokémon League	group	132	 When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon League	group	80	 The Torch Bearer is said to light up a huge flame that burns during the entire Pokémon League competition.	
Pokémon League	group	79	 Jenny introduces the man as "The Honorable Charles Goodshow, President of the Pokémon League Torch Committee".	
Pokémon League	group	60	 The scene dramatically cuts to the opening ceremony of the Pokémon League.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny explains that only approved competitors can hold the Torch.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	9	Ash asks Mr. Goodshow if he is Santa Claus, causing the man to fall off the vehicle.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	10	 However, Mr. Goodshow rides on Brock's shoulders out of the sinkhole and explains to Ash that all is not lost.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	47	 Brock arrives and formally gives the flame to Mr. Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	19	 The scene cuts to Mr. Goodshow sitting on a bleacher in the stadium and Ash walking onto the stadium floor.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	55	 The crowd seems unfazed by the terrorist attempt, and Mr. Goodshow gives a stirring speech.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is in their balloon and plans to steal the torch, along with some Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	67	 Ash approaches the large sinkhole and is puzzling the cause, when Team Rocket begin to recite their motto from their balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 Afterwards, Team Rocket jumps out of their balloon and Meowth lands on Ash and swipes him, causing Ash to let go of the Torch.	
Team Rocket	group	27	 Despite having been saved Team Rocket explains to Ash that they will not stop trying to get the Torch because it could sell for a huge price and get them lots of money.	
Team Rocket	group	20	 Jessie catches it, Team Rocket makes some puns, and then they drift away.	
Team Rocket	group	22	 The scene changes to Team Rocket in their balloon floating above a coastline.	
Team Rocket	group	56	 The last Torch Bearer is about to light the flame when Team Rocket disguised as League officials swipe the torch from her.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 Then, Team Rocket head inside a robot and puts the Moltres Flame on its back.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket attempts to incinerate Ash using the flame, but Moltres appears and obliterates Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 Team Rocket attempts to incinerate Ash using the flame, but Moltres appears and obliterates Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Santa Claus	person	19	 Goodshow if he is Santa Claus, causing the man to fall off the vehicle.	
Victreebel	pokemon	21	 James sends out his Victreebel and commands it to bite Meowth to put out the flame.	
Victreebel	pokemon	10	 However, Victreebel then catches fire as well, and starts to chase Jessie and James along with Meowth.	
Victreebel	pokemon	66	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
Goodshow	person	62	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow if he is Santa Claus, causing the man to fall off the vehicle.	
Goodshow	person	52	 Jenny introduces the man as "The Honorable Charles Goodshow, President of the Pokémon League Torch Committee".	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow reexplains that the competition is about spirit, and that Ash would be the perfect man to hold the Torch.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow acknowledges Ash's responsibility and so the Torch-lighting ceremony begins.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow rides on Brock's shoulders out of the sinkhole and explains to Ash that all is not lost.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow sitting on a bleacher in the stadium and Ash walking onto the stadium floor.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow gives a stirring speech.	
Squirtle	pokemon	19	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
Squirtle	pokemon	26	 They begin grappling and Squirtle leaps on Jessie's face to help Ash.	
Moltres	pokemon	125	 The flame is supposed to be a form of inspiration for the competitors; Misty explains that the flame is supposed to be of a Moltres.	
Moltres	pokemon	38	 Ash begins to dream about catching a Moltres and runs to the flame, exclaiming that he shall be the Torch Bearer.	
Moltres	pokemon	108	 He reveals a miniature lantern he carries around his neck at all times with a small flame from the fire of Moltres.	
Moltres	pokemon	52	 Then, Team Rocket head inside a robot and puts the Moltres Flame on its back.	
Moltres	pokemon	61	 Team Rocket attempts to incinerate Ash using the flame, but Moltres appears and obliterates Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Moltres	pokemon	21	 Ash inwardly thanks Moltres and the Commentator ends the episode.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 The previous torch bearer transfers the flame onto Ash's unlit torch, Ash explains to Pikachu that the Torch is very valuable and shall be kept safe in Ash's possession.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 As Ash and Pikachu run with the Torch, in the vehicle following him, Misty and Brock begin hearing a noise.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Then Pikachu catches it as Jessie and James run away from a flaming Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 James jumps up and prepares to tackle Pikachu for the Torch.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu throws the torch away and uses an electric attack on James.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attempts to electrocute the robot, but it resists electricity.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing uses Smog, and Jessie lights the main flame.	
Pokémon	pokemon	132	 When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 The Torch Bearer is said to light up a huge flame that burns during the entire Pokémon League competition.	
Pokémon	pokemon	79	 Jenny introduces the man as "The Honorable Charles Goodshow, President of the Pokémon League Torch Committee".	
Pokémon	pokemon	89	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is in their balloon and plans to steal the torch, along with some Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 The scene dramatically cuts to the opening ceremony of the Pokémon League.	
Jessie	person	28	 Then Pikachu catches it as Jessie and James run away from a flaming Meowth.	
Jessie	person	68	 However, Victreebel then catches fire as well, and starts to chase Jessie and James along with Meowth.	
Jessie	person	39	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
Jessie	person	9	 Ash and Jessie both go for the Torch, and both get their hands on it.	
Jessie	person	44	 They begin grappling and Squirtle leaps on Jessie's face to help Ash.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie catches it, Team Rocket makes some puns, and then they drift away.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie exclaims that the flame is about to go out.	
Jessie	person	24	 Weezing uses Smog, and Jessie lights the main flame.	
Meowth	pokemon	56	 Afterwards, Team Rocket jumps out of their balloon and Meowth lands on Ash and swipes him, causing Ash to let go of the Torch.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth catches the torch, but on the end with the flame causing him to catch on fire and throw the Torch away from him.	
Meowth	pokemon	69	 Then Pikachu catches it as Jessie and James run away from a flaming Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	56	 James sends out his Victreebel and commands it to bite Meowth to put out the flame.	
Meowth	pokemon	96	 However, Victreebel then catches fire as well, and starts to chase Jessie and James along with Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	54	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth jumps onto Ash and begins tickling him without mercy.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth explains she just needed to turn it up, operating a small switch on the bottom of the Torch handle.	
Vulpix	pokemon	71	 Then we get an exciting close-up of Misty, and the scene changes to a Vulpix close-up.	
Togepi	pokemon	88	 Ash releases a loud cry of excitement which irritates the rest of the group and causes Togepi to cry.	
Togepi	pokemon	29	 When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League.	
Togepi	pokemon	79	 Ash is shown passing the flame to Misty, who runs to the Theme Song tune with Togepi on her shoulder.	
Brock	person	38	The episode begins as Ash, Misty, and Brock approach Indigo Plateau.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock suggests that Ash save the energy for his first match, but then Ash begins yelling again.	
Brock	person	80	 As Ash and Pikachu run with the Torch, in the vehicle following him, Misty and Brock begin hearing a noise.	
Brock	person	19	 Goodshow rides on Brock's shoulders out of the sinkhole and explains to Ash that all is not lost.	
Brock	person	31	 The camera zooms to show that Brock is now running with the Torch.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock arrives and formally gives the flame to Mr.	
Brock	person	28	 Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day.	
Brock	person	92	The scene changes to night time over the town, and cuts to Ash lying awake, while Misty and Brock are sleeping peacefully.	
Brock	person	93	 Ash has a flashback to Gary talking to him earlier that day, and one flashback of Misty and Brock worried about how excited he is towards the beginning of the episode.	
James	person	39	 Then Pikachu catches it as Jessie and James run away from a flaming Meowth.	
James	person	1	 James sends out his Victreebel and commands it to bite Meowth to put out the flame.	
James	person	79	 However, Victreebel then catches fire as well, and starts to chase Jessie and James along with Meowth.	
James	person	47	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
James	person	1	 James jumps up and prepares to tackle Pikachu for the Torch.	
James	person	62	 Pikachu throws the torch away and uses an electric attack on James.	
Misty	person	27	The episode begins as Ash, Misty, and Brock approach Indigo Plateau.	
Misty	person	6	 When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty begins to worry about Ash being overconfident.	
Misty	person	72	 The flame is supposed to be a form of inspiration for the competitors; Misty explains that the flame is supposed to be of a Moltres.	
Misty	person	70	 As Ash and Pikachu run with the Torch, in the vehicle following him, Misty and Brock begin hearing a noise.	
Misty	person	35	 Ash is shown passing the flame to Misty, who runs to the Theme Song tune with Togepi on her shoulder.	
Misty	person	37	 Then we get an exciting close-up of Misty, and the scene changes to a Vulpix close-up.	
Misty	person	39	 Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day.	
Misty	person	82	The scene changes to night time over the town, and cuts to Ash lying awake, while Misty and Brock are sleeping peacefully.	
Misty	person	83	 Ash has a flashback to Gary talking to him earlier that day, and one flashback of Misty and Brock worried about how excited he is towards the beginning of the episode.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty hears him and thinks he is scared.	
Gary	person	51	 are mingling with Trainers when they meet up with Gary.	
Gary	person	105	 As always he is surrounded by his cheerleaders, and is acting like somewhat of a jerk; they banter, and Gary exits.	
Gary	person	24	 Ash has a flashback to Gary talking to him earlier that day, and one flashback of Misty and Brock worried about how excited he is towards the beginning of the episode.	
Smog	move	14	 Weezing uses Smog, and Jessie lights the main flame.	
Ash	person	22	The episode begins as Ash, Misty, and Brock approach Indigo Plateau.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash releases a loud cry of excitement which irritates the rest of the group and causes Togepi to cry.	
Ash	person	42	 When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League.	
Ash	person	21	 Brock suggests that Ash save the energy for his first match, but then Ash begins yelling again.	
Ash	person	71	 Brock suggests that Ash save the energy for his first match, but then Ash begins yelling again.	
Ash	person	29	 Misty begins to worry about Ash being overconfident.	
Ash	person	6	Later Ash and his friends approach a large fanfare and people with flags, and Ash thinks they are cheering for him.	
Ash	person	78	Later Ash and his friends approach a large fanfare and people with flags, and Ash thinks they are cheering for him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash begins to dream about catching a Moltres and runs to the flame, exclaiming that he shall be the Torch Bearer.Ash approaches the Torch Bearer explaining that he'd take the torch from there.	
Ash	person	114	 Ash begins to dream about catching a Moltres and runs to the flame, exclaiming that he shall be the Torch Bearer.Ash approaches the Torch Bearer explaining that he'd take the torch from there.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash shows that he is a competitor with his Badges pinned to the inside of his shirt.	
Ash	person	13	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	111	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	165	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	201	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	214	 Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr.	
Ash	person	68	 Goodshow reexplains that the competition is about spirit, and that Ash would be the perfect man to hold the Torch.	
Ash	person	52	 The previous torch bearer transfers the flame onto Ash's unlit torch, Ash explains to Pikachu that the Torch is very valuable and shall be kept safe in Ash's possession.	
Ash	person	71	 The previous torch bearer transfers the flame onto Ash's unlit torch, Ash explains to Pikachu that the Torch is very valuable and shall be kept safe in Ash's possession.	
Ash	person	153	 The previous torch bearer transfers the flame onto Ash's unlit torch, Ash explains to Pikachu that the Torch is very valuable and shall be kept safe in Ash's possession.	
Ash	person	23	 Goodshow acknowledges Ash's responsibility and so the Torch-lighting ceremony begins.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and Pikachu run with the Torch, in the vehicle following him, Misty and Brock begin hearing a noise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash approaches the large sinkhole and is puzzling the cause, when Team Rocket begin to recite their motto from their balloon.	
Ash	person	72	 Afterwards, Team Rocket jumps out of their balloon and Meowth lands on Ash and swipes him, causing Ash to let go of the Torch.	
Ash	person	100	 Afterwards, Team Rocket jumps out of their balloon and Meowth lands on Ash and swipes him, causing Ash to let go of the Torch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel.	
Ash	person	51	 Despite having been saved Team Rocket explains to Ash that they will not stop trying to get the Torch because it could sell for a huge price and get them lots of money.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Jessie both go for the Torch, and both get their hands on it.	
Ash	person	66	 They begin grappling and Squirtle leaps on Jessie's face to help Ash.	
Ash	person	30	 Meanwhile, Meowth jumps onto Ash and begins tickling him without mercy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is diminished, having lost the Great Torch.	
Ash	person	73	 Goodshow rides on Brock's shoulders out of the sinkhole and explains to Ash that all is not lost.	
Ash	person	100	The scene opens with Jenny using a crane to pull her motorcycle out of the sinkhole, and then shows Ash using the lantern flame to light a new torch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash resumes running, and the Theme Song tune with new verses and exciting camera work follow.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is shown passing the flame to Misty, who runs to the Theme Song tune with Togepi on her shoulder.	
Ash	person	23	 Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day.	
Ash	person	17	 In the evening, Ash and Co.	
Ash	person	59	The scene changes to night time over the town, and cuts to Ash lying awake, while Misty and Brock are sleeping peacefully.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has a flashback to Gary talking to him earlier that day, and one flashback of Misty and Brock worried about how excited he is towards the beginning of the episode.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash declares them wrong and gets out of bed, going outside.	
Ash	person	51	 Goodshow sitting on a bleacher in the stadium and Ash walking onto the stadium floor.	
Ash	person	30	 Doubting thoughts go through Ash's mind, but then he grows determined.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks nervous.	
Ash	person	36	 Team Rocket attempts to incinerate Ash using the flame, but Moltres appears and obliterates Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash inwardly thanks Moltres and the Commentator ends the episode.	
