Indigo Plateau Conference	event	86	With the opening ceremonies behind them, Ash and his friends begin to prepare for the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Indigo Plateau	region	86	With the opening ceremonies behind them, Ash and his friends begin to prepare for the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Professor Oak	person	42	 At that moment, Ash receives a call from Professor Oak, who suggests he swap out one of his Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is posing as a news crew to try to find rare Pokémon to steal.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Crabhammer	move	153	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Hyper Beam	move	48	 But Ash remains firm and orders Kingler to use Hyper Beam.	
Vice Grip	move	72	 Suddenly, Krabby escapes from the vortex, and Ash orders Krabby to use Vice Grip on Exeggutor's leaves, stopping its attacks.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	203	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	33	 Krabby jumps into the pool, but Exeggutor uses its Psychic ability to create a whirlpool, revealing Krabby's hiding space.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	85	 Suddenly, Krabby escapes from the vortex, and Ash orders Krabby to use Vice Grip on Exeggutor's leaves, stopping its attacks.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	52	 Hanging on tightly, Krabby uses Leer to immobilize Exeggutor and uses a Stomp attack to knock it out.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	31	 Krabby stands triumphant over Exeggutor, and suddenly evolves into Kingler.	
Water Gun	move	40	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Egg Bomb	move	22	 Mandi then orders an Egg Bomb, knocking Krabby into the whirlpool and preventing it from using any attacks.	
Squirtle	pokemon	64	" Since he is assigned to the Water field, Ash plans to rely on Squirtle for the battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Misty suggests Ash switch to Pikachu, but Ash stands by his Pokémon.	
Agility	move	13	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Kingler	pokemon	68	 Krabby stands triumphant over Exeggutor, and suddenly evolves into Kingler.	
Kingler	pokemon	30	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Kingler	pokemon	55	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Kingler	pokemon	47	 Brock worried that this could be bad for Ash; Kingler is weak against air attacks.	
Kingler	pokemon	25	 Golbat manages to evade Kingler's attacks, dealing a great amount of damage in the process.	
Kingler	pokemon	33	 But Ash remains firm and orders Kingler to use Hyper Beam.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler's shot hit Golbat dead-on, knocking it out and winning Ash his first Indigo League victory.	
Psychic	move	52	 Krabby jumps into the pool, but Exeggutor uses its Psychic ability to create a whirlpool, revealing Krabby's hiding space.	
Trainer	person	138	 The lady at the registry has Ash go through a random selection, and he is assigned to battle on the Water field later that day against a Trainer named Mandi, who refers to himself as "Mandi the Astounding.	
Pokémon	pokemon	93	 At that moment, Ash receives a call from Professor Oak, who suggests he swap out one of his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 Misty is worried because Ash had never used Krabby before, but Ash is confident in the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is posing as a news crew to try to find rare Pokémon to steal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Mandi, still confident, sends out his second Pokémon, a Seadra.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	Mandi, undaunted, sends out his last Pokémon, a Golbat.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Misty suggests Ash switch to Pikachu, but Ash stands by his Pokémon.	
Bubble	move	94	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Krabby	pokemon	23	 Ash decides to recall Krabby to boost his team.	
Krabby	pokemon	45	 Misty is worried because Ash had never used Krabby before, but Ash is confident in the Pokémon.	
Krabby	pokemon	166	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Krabby	pokemon	1	 Krabby jumps into the pool, but Exeggutor uses its Psychic ability to create a whirlpool, revealing Krabby's hiding space.	
Krabby	pokemon	101	 Krabby jumps into the pool, but Exeggutor uses its Psychic ability to create a whirlpool, revealing Krabby's hiding space.	
Krabby	pokemon	41	 Mandi then orders an Egg Bomb, knocking Krabby into the whirlpool and preventing it from using any attacks.	
Krabby	pokemon	21	 Ash tries to recall Krabby, but the whirlpool prevents him from doing so.	
Krabby	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Krabby escapes from the vortex, and Ash orders Krabby to use Vice Grip on Exeggutor's leaves, stopping its attacks.	
Krabby	pokemon	58	 Suddenly, Krabby escapes from the vortex, and Ash orders Krabby to use Vice Grip on Exeggutor's leaves, stopping its attacks.	
Krabby	pokemon	21	 Hanging on tightly, Krabby uses Leer to immobilize Exeggutor and uses a Stomp attack to knock it out.	
Krabby	pokemon	1	 Krabby stands triumphant over Exeggutor, and suddenly evolves into Kingler.	
Seadra	pokemon	58	 Mandi, still confident, sends out his second Pokémon, a Seadra.	
Seadra	pokemon	1	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Seadra	pokemon	124	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Jessie	person	82	 In one of their "Interviews", they come across Mandi, whose cocky attitude makes Jessie angry enough to nearly blow their cover.	
Meowth	pokemon	57	 Before she can make true on her words though, James and Meowth remind her of their mission and that they should keep their cover intact.	
Golbat	pokemon	49	Mandi, undaunted, sends out his last Pokémon, a Golbat.	
Golbat	pokemon	1	 Golbat manages to evade Kingler's attacks, dealing a great amount of damage in the process.	
Golbat	pokemon	20	 Kingler's shot hit Golbat dead-on, knocking it out and winning Ash his first Indigo League victory.	
Mandi	person	152	 The lady at the registry has Ash go through a random selection, and he is assigned to battle on the Water field later that day against a Trainer named Mandi, who refers to himself as "Mandi the Astounding.	
Mandi	person	185	 The lady at the registry has Ash go through a random selection, and he is assigned to battle on the Water field later that day against a Trainer named Mandi, who refers to himself as "Mandi the Astounding.	
Mandi	person	48	 In one of their "Interviews", they come across Mandi, whose cocky attitude makes Jessie angry enough to nearly blow their cover.	
Mandi	person	189	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Mandi	person	1	 Mandi then orders an Egg Bomb, knocking Krabby into the whirlpool and preventing it from using any attacks.	
Mandi	person	1	 Mandi, still confident, sends out his second Pokémon, a Seadra.	
Mandi	person	164	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.Mandi, undaunted, sends out his last Pokémon, a Golbat.	
Grass	type	117	 After registering, Ash learns that he must first pass through four preliminary battles on four unique battlefields (Grass, Water, Ice, and Rock) to qualify for battling inside Indigo Stadium.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock get special seats behind Ash's podium on the battlefield to act as his coaches during the fights.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock worried that this could be bad for Ash; Kingler is weak against air attacks.	
James	person	47	 Before she can make true on her words though, James and Meowth remind her of their mission and that they should keep their cover intact.	
Kanto	region	125	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Stomp	move	73	 Hanging on tightly, Krabby uses Leer to immobilize Exeggutor and uses a Stomp attack to knock it out.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty suggests that it might not be enough.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is worried because Ash had never used Krabby before, but Ash is confident in the Pokémon.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock get special seats behind Ash's podium on the battlefield to act as his coaches during the fights.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty suggests Ash switch to Pikachu, but Ash stands by his Pokémon.	
Water	type	124	 After registering, Ash learns that he must first pass through four preliminary battles on four unique battlefields (Grass, Water, Ice, and Rock) to qualify for battling inside Indigo Stadium.	
Water	type	101	 The lady at the registry has Ash go through a random selection, and he is assigned to battle on the Water field later that day against a Trainer named Mandi, who refers to himself as "Mandi the Astounding.	
Water	type	30	" Since he is assigned to the Water field, Ash plans to rely on Squirtle for the battle.	
Water	type	20	Ash's battle on the Water field soon begins.	
Water	type	40	 Seadra uses Agility to dodge Kingler's Water Gun, but Kingler manages to slow it down with a Bubble attack and then knocks Seadra out of the fight with Crabhammer.	
Leer	move	33	 Hanging on tightly, Krabby uses Leer to immobilize Exeggutor and uses a Stomp attack to knock it out.	
Gary	person	21	 The group runs into Gary, who is battling on the Ice field, who mockingly wishes Ash luck as he wants to be the one to defeat him, and he walks away laughing with his cheerleaders.	
Rock	type	140	 After registering, Ash learns that he must first pass through four preliminary battles on four unique battlefields (Grass, Water, Ice, and Rock) to qualify for battling inside Indigo Stadium.	
Ash	person	41	With the opening ceremonies behind them, Ash and his friends begin to prepare for the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Ash	person	20	 After registering, Ash learns that he must first pass through four preliminary battles on four unique battlefields (Grass, Water, Ice, and Rock) to qualify for battling inside Indigo Stadium.	
Ash	person	30	 The lady at the registry has Ash go through a random selection, and he is assigned to battle on the Water field later that day against a Trainer named Mandi, who refers to himself as "Mandi the Astounding.	
Ash	person	43	" Since he is assigned to the Water field, Ash plans to rely on Squirtle for the battle.	
Ash	person	82	 The group runs into Gary, who is battling on the Ice field, who mockingly wishes Ash luck as he wants to be the one to defeat him, and he walks away laughing with his cheerleaders.	
Ash	person	17	 At that moment, Ash receives a call from Professor Oak, who suggests he swap out one of his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to recall Krabby to boost his team.	
Ash	person	26	 Misty is worried because Ash had never used Krabby before, but Ash is confident in the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	64	 Misty is worried because Ash had never used Krabby before, but Ash is confident in the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	137	 Before she can make true on her words though, James and Meowth remind her of their mission and that they should keep their cover intact.Ash's battle on the Water field soon begins.	
Ash	person	42	 Misty and Brock get special seats behind Ash's podium on the battlefield to act as his coaches during the fights.	
Ash	person	150	 After receiving a surprise good luck from Team Rocket from the commentary booth (which also leads to their arrest by all of Kanto's Officer Jennys), Ash starts with Krabby right away, and Mandi uses an Exeggutor.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to recall Krabby, but the whirlpool prevents him from doing so.	
Ash	person	47	 Suddenly, Krabby escapes from the vortex, and Ash orders Krabby to use Vice Grip on Exeggutor's leaves, stopping its attacks.	
Ash	person	42	 Brock worried that this could be bad for Ash; Kingler is weak against air attacks.	
Ash	person	16	 Misty suggests Ash switch to Pikachu, but Ash stands by his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	43	 Misty suggests Ash switch to Pikachu, but Ash stands by his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	5	 But Ash remains firm and orders Kingler to use Hyper Beam.	
Ash	person	64	 Kingler's shot hit Golbat dead-on, knocking it out and winning Ash his first Indigo League victory.	
Egg	item	22	 Mandi then orders an Egg Bomb, knocking Krabby into the whirlpool and preventing it from using any attacks.	
Oak	person	52	 At that moment, Ash receives a call from Professor Oak, who suggests he swap out one of his Pokémon.	
