Pokémon Center	building	33	Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round.	
Pokémon Center	building	96	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon Center	building	97	 After fending off Team Rocket, the group then hears that new Pokémon will be admitted into the Pokémon Center.	
Pete Pebbleman	person	55	Ash is now in the middle of the third round match with Pete Pebbleman in the Ice Field.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	48	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Brock's Onix	pokemon	126	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Ash Ketchum	person	88	 He then says, "He better enjoy all his celebratin' now, 'cause when his luck runs out, Ash Ketchum won't have anything to cheer about.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Team Rocket	group	53	 After biting open a hole in the balloon, Onix sends Team Rocket blasting off again!	
Team Rocket	group	19	 After fending off Team Rocket, the group then hears that new Pokémon will be admitted into the Pokémon Center.	
Dragon Rage	move	71	 Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage.	
Thunderbolt	move	41	 Pikachu dives into the water, then uses Thunderbolt.	
Crabhammer	move	26	 Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw.	
Crabhammer	move	38	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Crabhammer	move	41	 Kingler keeps hitting Cloyster with its Crabhammer until Cloyster's shell finally cracks, knocking it out.	
Skull Bash	move	64	 Both put up a fierce fight, but Squirtle manages to win with a Skull Bash, allowing Ash to advance to the third round.	
Fire Blast	move	65	 Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast.	
Fire Blast	move	5	 The Fire Blast attacks melt the field.	
Pebbleman	person	60	Ash is now in the middle of the third round match with Pete Pebbleman in the Ice Field.	
Withdraw	move	72	 Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw.	
Withdraw	move	52	 This doesn't look good for Ash since Cloyster used Withdraw.	
Cloyster	pokemon	50	 Ash uses Kingler for the battle, while Pete uses Cloyster for the battle.	
Cloyster	pokemon	56	 Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw.	
Cloyster	pokemon	38	 This doesn't look good for Ash since Cloyster used Withdraw.	
Cloyster	pokemon	107	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Cloyster	pokemon	23	 Kingler keeps hitting Cloyster with its Crabhammer until Cloyster's shell finally cracks, knocking it out.	
Cloyster	pokemon	58	 Kingler keeps hitting Cloyster with its Crabhammer until Cloyster's shell finally cracks, knocking it out.	
Cloyster	pokemon	14	 Pete recalls Cloyster and sends out Arcanine.	
Nidorino	pokemon	54	 Ash sends out Squirtle, while the opponent sends out Nidorino.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Squirtle, while the opponent sends out Nidorino.	
Squirtle	pokemon	33	 Both put up a fierce fight, but Squirtle manages to win with a Skull Bash, allowing Ash to advance to the third round.	
Arcanine	pokemon	37	 Pete recalls Cloyster and sends out Arcanine.	
Arcanine	pokemon	43	 Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage.	
Arcanine	pokemon	27	 Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast.	
Arcanine	pokemon	8	 Pete's Arcanine is defeated, and Ash is heading for the fourth round.	
Ketchum	person	92	 He then says, "He better enjoy all his celebratin' now, 'cause when his luck runs out, Ash Ketchum won't have anything to cheer about.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 Ash recalls Kingler and sends Pikachu into the battlefield.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu dives into the water, then uses Thunderbolt.	
Agility	move	14	 Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast.	
Kingler	pokemon	10	 Ash uses Kingler for the battle, while Pete uses Cloyster for the battle.	
Kingler	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler keeps hitting Cloyster with its Crabhammer until Cloyster's shell finally cracks, knocking it out.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler is defeated.	
Kingler	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Kingler and sends Pikachu into the battlefield.	
Jennies	person	49	 The centers are crowded and many Nurse Joys and Jennies are everywhere in the streets.	
Pokémon	pokemon	49	 Both he and his opponent are down to their last Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round.	
Pokémon	pokemon	69	Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	112	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	168	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 After fending off Team Rocket, the group then hears that new Pokémon will be admitted into the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 After fending off Team Rocket, the group then hears that new Pokémon will be admitted into the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Ash takes this opportunity to heal his Pokémon.	
Bubble	move	17	 Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock's love meter skyrockets at this rate.	
Brock	person	126	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Brock	person	64	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Misty	person	54	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Fire	type	65	 Pikachu uses Agility, but Arcanine is trying to stop him with a Fire Blast.	
Fire	type	5	 The Fire Blast attacks melt the field.	
Onix	pokemon	134	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Onix	pokemon	42	 After biting open a hole in the balloon, Onix sends Team Rocket blasting off again!	
Gary	person	20	It is revealed that Gary was watching Ash's battle with his cheerleaders.	
Rock	type	48	Ash is in his second preliminary battle, on the Rock field.	
Rage	move	78	 Kingler tries a Bubble attack, but Pete's Arcanine dodges it and uses Dragon Rage.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Squirtle, while the opponent sends out Nidorino.	
Ash	person	85	 Both put up a fierce fight, but Squirtle manages to win with a Skull Bash, allowing Ash to advance to the third round.	
Ash	person	38	It is revealed that Gary was watching Ash's battle with his cheerleaders.	
Ash	person	14	 He says that Ash is acting like he won the whole competition after winning "two easy matches".	
Ash	person	88	 He then says, "He better enjoy all his celebratin' now, 'cause when his luck runs out, Ash Ketchum won't have anything to cheer about.	
Ash	person	66	 While he is speaking, he seems jealous and a bit spiteful toward Ash.Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round.	
Ash	person	122	 While he is speaking, he seems jealous and a bit spiteful toward Ash.Ash and his friends search for a Pokémon Center so Ash can heal his Pokémon before the third round.	
Ash	person	48	 Team Rocket relishes this opportunity to swipe Ash's Pokémon and they do so by opening a fake Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	52	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Ash	person	99	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Ash	person	160	 After Team Rocket reveals their true identities to Ash and company, they are about to escape with Ash's stolen Pokémon, but Brock's Onix stops them and gives Ash his Pokémon back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes this opportunity to heal his Pokémon.Ash is now in the middle of the third round match with Pete Pebbleman in the Ice Field.	
Ash	person	49	 Ash takes this opportunity to heal his Pokémon.Ash is now in the middle of the third round match with Pete Pebbleman in the Ice Field.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash uses Kingler for the battle, while Pete uses Cloyster for the battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Kingler to use Crabhammer, while Pete orders Cloyster to use Withdraw.	
Ash	person	28	 This doesn't look good for Ash since Cloyster used Withdraw.	
Ash	person	80	 Kingler will get worn out from using Crabhammer, but Misty and Brock encourage Ash to keep going, because Cloyster is still losing health despite the defense boost.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Kingler and sends Pikachu into the battlefield.	
Ash	person	34	 Pete's Arcanine is defeated, and Ash is heading for the fourth round.	
