Jeanette Fisher	person	65	At the Grass Field, Ash is getting ready for his next match with Jeanette Fisher.	
Professor Oak	person	33	 He then later learns, thanks to Professor Oak, that all of Pallet Town is cheering him on, which only makes him more nervous.	
Poison Sting	move	54	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
ThunderShock	move	14	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock, but Bellsprout dodges the attack, and uses Razor Leaf.	
Seismic Toss	move	99	 Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss.	
Pallet Town	settlement	60	 He then later learns, thanks to Professor Oak, that all of Pallet Town is cheering him on, which only makes him more nervous.	
Double Team	move	57	 Bulbasaur launches a Razor Leaf at it, but Scyther uses Double Team to evade.	
Thunderbolt	move	44	 Pikachu was able to dodge and tries to use Thunderbolt, but Bellsprout's roots keep him ingrained and immune to electric attacks.	
Horn Attack	move	25	 Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	51	Unwavering, Jeanette sends out her last Pokémon - Bellsprout.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	37	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	32	 Brock realizes that Jeanette's Bellsprout must be exceptionally trained, or else it would not be used in a League battle.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	32	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock, but Bellsprout dodges the attack, and uses Razor Leaf.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	61	 Pikachu was able to dodge and tries to use Thunderbolt, but Bellsprout's roots keep him ingrained and immune to electric attacks.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	59	 Pikachu now tries to do some punching and kick-boxing but Bellsprout slams Pikachu & defeats him.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	23	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Bellsprout	pokemon	121	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Razor Leaf	move	16	 Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, but Beedrill counters with Twineedle.	
Razor Leaf	move	22	 Bulbasaur launches a Razor Leaf at it, but Scyther uses Double Team to evade.	
Razor Leaf	move	71	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock, but Bellsprout dodges the attack, and uses Razor Leaf.	
Razor Leaf	move	45	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Leech Seed	move	23	 Ash has Bulbasaur use Leech Seed, draining away Beedrill's energy.	
Vine Whip	move	60	 Scyther gets in a few hits before Ash gets the idea to use Vine Whip on all the targets, so Bulbasaur will eventually hit the real one.	
Body Slam	move	87	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Twineedle	move	55	 Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, but Beedrill counters with Twineedle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	21	 Ash starts off with Bulbasaur, and Jeanette uses Beedrill.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	39	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	72	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, but Beedrill counters with Twineedle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur dodges the attack again.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	9	 Ash has Bulbasaur use Leech Seed, draining away Beedrill's energy.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	16	 Ash then tells Bulbasaur to finish it off using Tackle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	32	 Jeanette's Beedrill faints and Bulbasaur wins.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur launches a Razor Leaf at it, but Scyther uses Double Team to evade.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	93	 Scyther gets in a few hits before Ash gets the idea to use Vine Whip on all the targets, so Bulbasaur will eventually hit the real one.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	103	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	163	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.	
Nidoking	pokemon	8	 Gary's Nidoking is pitted against Melissa's Golem.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss.	
Nidoking	pokemon	72	 Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking is defeated and Gary is out of the competition.	
Beedrill	pokemon	50	 Ash starts off with Bulbasaur, and Jeanette uses Beedrill.	
Beedrill	pokemon	32	 Bulbasaur uses Razor Leaf, but Beedrill counters with Twineedle.	
Beedrill	pokemon	62	 Misty is hoping Jeanette may not have more Pokémon like her Beedrill, and Brock is hoping Jeanette doesn't have a boyfriend.	
Beedrill	pokemon	49	 Ash has Bulbasaur use Leech Seed, draining away Beedrill's energy.	
Beedrill	pokemon	30	 Brock becomes depressed that Beedrill is losing, but Misty angrily reminds him of who he should be rooting for.	
Beedrill	pokemon	12	 Jeanette's Beedrill faints and Bulbasaur wins.	
Bug-type	type	5	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
Gary Oak	person	44	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Melissa	person	35	 Gary's Nidoking is pitted against Melissa's Golem.	
Scyther	pokemon	34	Jeanette sends her next Pokémon, Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	44	 Bulbasaur launches a Razor Leaf at it, but Scyther uses Double Team to evade.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther gets in a few hits before Ash gets the idea to use Vine Whip on all the targets, so Bulbasaur will eventually hit the real one.	
Scyther	pokemon	21	 The plan works, and Scyther is knocked out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	5	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Pikachu to try to fight.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock, but Bellsprout dodges the attack, and uses Razor Leaf.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu was able to dodge and tries to use Thunderbolt, but Bellsprout's roots keep him ingrained and immune to electric attacks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu now tries to do some punching and kick-boxing but Bellsprout slams Pikachu & defeats him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	76	 Pikachu now tries to do some punching and kick-boxing but Bellsprout slams Pikachu & defeats him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	263	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	14	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Misty is hoping Jeanette may not have more Pokémon like her Beedrill, and Brock is hoping Jeanette doesn't have a boyfriend.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	Jeanette sends her next Pokémon, Scyther.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	Unwavering, Jeanette sends out her last Pokémon - Bellsprout.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	Down to his last Pokémon, Ash pauses for a second and sends out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	83	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
Jessie	person	11	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	29	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	170	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Tackle	move	49	 Ash then tells Bulbasaur to finish it off using Tackle.	
Tackle	move	18	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.	
Grass	type	61	 Ash thinks that he's going to lose his Round 4 match on the Grass Field as well, and becomes nervous, but Brock and Misty cheer him on.	
Grass	type	7	At the Grass Field, Ash is getting ready for his next match with Jeanette Fisher.	
Brock	person	25	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Brock	person	107	 Ash thinks that he's going to lose his Round 4 match on the Grass Field as well, and becomes nervous, but Brock and Misty cheer him on.	
Brock	person	12	 As always, Brock becomes lovestruck and starts to root for Jeanette.	
Brock	person	18	 Misty admonishes Brock for that.	
Brock	person	76	 Misty is hoping Jeanette may not have more Pokémon like her Beedrill, and Brock is hoping Jeanette doesn't have a boyfriend.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock becomes depressed that Beedrill is losing, but Misty angrily reminds him of who he should be rooting for.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock realizes that Jeanette's Bellsprout must be exceptionally trained, or else it would not be used in a League battle.	
Brock	person	16	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
James	person	19	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Misty	person	14	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Misty	person	117	 Ash thinks that he's going to lose his Round 4 match on the Grass Field as well, and becomes nervous, but Brock and Misty cheer him on.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty admonishes Brock for that.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is hoping Jeanette may not have more Pokémon like her Beedrill, and Brock is hoping Jeanette doesn't have a boyfriend.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells him, "There's no way that boyfriend is going to be you, mister, if that girl beats Ash!	
Misty	person	54	 Brock becomes depressed that Beedrill is losing, but Misty angrily reminds him of who he should be rooting for.	
Misty	person	6	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
Golem	pokemon	45	 Gary's Nidoking is pitted against Melissa's Golem.	
Golem	pokemon	42	 Nidoking charges with a Horn Attack, but Golem counters by grabbing on Nidoking's horn, then uses Seismic Toss.	
Gary	person	44	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary's Nidoking is pitted against Melissa's Golem.	
Gary	person	26	 Nidoking is defeated and Gary is out of the competition.	
Gary	person	27	 Frustrated by the defeat, Gary heads home.	
Slam	move	36	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Slam	move	92	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
Rock	type	76	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Bug	type	5	 The Bug-type Pokémon is about to hit Bulbasaur with Poison Sting, but Bulbasaur dodges it.	
Gym	building	153	Meanwhile, Jessie, James and Meowth have opened up a souvenir stand so they can make money, selling souvenirs and, when the souvenirs are sold out, fake Gym Badges which Meowth made from bottlecaps; but like always, their true intention is to steal the Trainers' Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thinks that he's going to lose his Round 4 match on the Grass Field as well, and becomes nervous, but Brock and Misty cheer him on.	
Ash	person	20	At the Grass Field, Ash is getting ready for his next match with Jeanette Fisher.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash starts off with Bulbasaur, and Jeanette uses Beedrill.	
Ash	person	96	 Misty tells him, "There's no way that boyfriend is going to be you, mister, if that girl beats Ash!	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has Bulbasaur use Leech Seed, draining away Beedrill's energy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then tells Bulbasaur to finish it off using Tackle.	
Ash	person	35	 Scyther gets in a few hits before Ash gets the idea to use Vine Whip on all the targets, so Bulbasaur will eventually hit the real one.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash laughs at first, saying she must be desperate to use something so obviously weak.	
Ash	person	177	 Bulbasaur uses a Tackle attack, but Bellsprout bends away in a wobble-like manner with ease, picks up Bulbasaur, repeatedly slams him into the ground, and knocks Bulbasaur out.Ash is shocked at this loss.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Pikachu to try to fight.	
Ash	person	27	Down to his last Pokémon, Ash pauses for a second and sends out.	
Ash	person	39	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wins the battle, and has now cleared all four preliminary fields.	
Oak	person	49	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, and Brock are watching Gary Oak's Round 4 match in the Rock Field.	
Oak	person	43	 He then later learns, thanks to Professor Oak, that all of Pallet Town is cheering him on, which only makes him more nervous.	
Oak	person	61	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
Muk	pokemon	1	 Muk.	
Muk	pokemon	52	 Both Misty and Brock are shocked that Ash recalled Muk from Oak's lab as a backup Pokémon.	
Muk	pokemon	1	 Muk is able to absorb Bellsprout's Slam and Razor Leaf attacks with ease, then uses a Body Slam (essentially smothering Bellsprout) to finish it off.	
