Indigo Plateau Conference	event	121	The episode starts with Ash and his friends going to get something to eat after Ash's victory in the fourth round of the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Indigo Plateau	region	121	The episode starts with Ash and his friends going to get something to eat after Ash's victory in the fourth round of the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Thunder Shock	move	96	 The boy tells them that he can get it running again and asks Ash if he can use Pikachu for his Thunder Shock attack.	
Professor Oak	person	60	 When they arrive at the restaurant they find Ash's mom and Professor Oak standing outside.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak remarks he's glad they opened the door for him.	
ThunderShock	move	63	 Ash agrees, and the boy opens the device and lets Pikachu use ThunderShock on it.	
Team Rocket	group	10	Later on, Team Rocket decides to pull off another elaborate scheme: a "physical examination" of sorts.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket performs their usual motto, and, behind the cover of Weezing's Smog, escape with the Poké Balls and Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	62	 It's nighttime, and Ash and Ritchie still haven't confronted Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	30	 Meanwhile, the scene cuts to Team Rocket feasting by moonlight.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 However, Team Rocket has woken up and finds them trespassing.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 The tactic is successful, and the wall breaks to reveal Team Rocket.	
Thunderbolt	move	33	 But before Pikachu lets loose a Thunderbolt, James uses 'turn attack,' which causes Pikachu to lose balance.	
Thunderbolt	move	46	 Arbok is overwhelmed, and both Electric Mice Thunderbolt the van.	
Razor Leaf	move	27	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle and Razor Leaf on the van wall, but to no avail.	
Charmander	pokemon	23	 Ritchie sends out his Charmander Zippo and orders it to Slash open the van wall.	
Butterfree	pokemon	32	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Poké Ball	item	158	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	146	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle and Razor Leaf on the van wall, but to no avail.	
Whirlwind	move	13	 After using Whirlwind to land safely, a group of SUVs (which turns out to be the Trainers, plus Brock and Misty) pull up to claim their Pokémon.	
Electric	type	32	 Arbok is overwhelmed, and both Electric Mice Thunderbolt the van.	
Magikarp	pokemon	111	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 He sees Pikachu and pets him on the head.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 Ash warns him that Pikachu might shock him, but to his surprise Pikachu is enjoying the experience.	
Pikachu	pokemon	65	 Ash warns him that Pikachu might shock him, but to his surprise Pikachu is enjoying the experience.	
Pikachu	pokemon	80	 The boy tells them that he can get it running again and asks Ash if he can use Pikachu for his Thunder Shock attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Ash agrees, and the boy opens the device and lets Pikachu use ThunderShock on it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
Pikachu	pokemon	114	 Team Rocket performs their usual motto, and, behind the cover of Weezing's Smog, escape with the Poké Balls and Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 It's Pikachu!	
Pikachu	pokemon	127	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Jessie sends out Arbok, which is matched by Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 But before Pikachu lets loose a Thunderbolt, James uses 'turn attack,' which causes Pikachu to lose balance.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 But before Pikachu lets loose a Thunderbolt, James uses 'turn attack,' which causes Pikachu to lose balance.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Arbok hits Pikachu back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 Ritchie then sends out Sparky, his own Pikachu!	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Jessie orders an attack, while Sparky and Pikachu both counter with Agility.	
Pikachu	pokemon	115	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Agility	move	69	 Jessie orders an attack, while Sparky and Pikachu both counter with Agility.	
Thunder	move	96	 The boy tells them that he can get it running again and asks Ash if he can use Pikachu for his Thunder Shock attack.	
Ritchie	person	147	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
Ritchie	person	9	 Ash and Ritchie chase after them, cutting through the mountains to reach the escaping van.	
Ritchie	person	29	 It's nighttime, and Ash and Ritchie still haven't confronted Team Rocket.	
Ritchie	person	65	 After doing a "Poké-dance", the scene switches back to Ash and Ritchie, staring up at the stars.	
Ritchie	person	9	 Ash and Ritchie follow the tracks, and discover the van along with the sleeping trio of Rockets.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie sends out his Charmander Zippo and orders it to Slash open the van wall.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie then sends out Sparky, his own Pikachu!	
Ritchie	person	22	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Ritchie	person	45	After they return, we leave off with Ash and Ritchie finding out that their next opponents are.	
Drowzee	pokemon	82	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Weezing	pokemon	66	 Team Rocket performs their usual motto, and, behind the cover of Weezing's Smog, escape with the Poké Balls and Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 They camp out, vowing to find their Pokémon at sun-up the following day.	
Pokémon	pokemon	24	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Pokémon	pokemon	137	 After using Whirlwind to land safely, a group of SUVs (which turns out to be the Trainers, plus Brock and Misty) pull up to claim their Pokémon.	
Slowbro	pokemon	91	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Sparky	pokemon	24	 Ritchie then sends out Sparky, his own Pikachu!	
Sparky	pokemon	32	 Jessie orders an attack, while Sparky and Pikachu both counter with Agility.	
Jessie	person	21	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
Jessie	person	116	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie sends out Arbok, which is matched by Pikachu.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie orders an attack, while Sparky and Pikachu both counter with Agility.	
Tackle	move	16	 Bulbasaur uses Tackle and Razor Leaf on the van wall, but to no avail.	
Zippo	pokemon	34	 Ritchie sends out his Charmander Zippo and orders it to Slash open the van wall.	
Brock	person	97	 After using Whirlwind to land safely, a group of SUVs (which turns out to be the Trainers, plus Brock and Misty) pull up to claim their Pokémon.	
James	person	100	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
James	person	27	 When seeing the "twerps", James swerves off the road and down a hill and into a river.	
James	person	46	 But before Pikachu lets loose a Thunderbolt, James uses 'turn attack,' which causes Pikachu to lose balance.	
Happy	person	15	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Misty	person	107	 After using Whirlwind to land safely, a group of SUVs (which turns out to be the Trainers, plus Brock and Misty) pull up to claim their Pokémon.	
Slash	move	57	 Ritchie sends out his Charmander Zippo and orders it to Slash open the van wall.	
Arbok	pokemon	18	 Jessie sends out Arbok, which is matched by Pikachu.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok hits Pikachu back.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok is overwhelmed, and both Electric Mice Thunderbolt the van.	
Poké	item	98	 Team Rocket performs their usual motto, and, behind the cover of Weezing's Smog, escape with the Poké Balls and Pikachu.	
Poké	item	16	 After doing a "Poké-dance", the scene switches back to Ash and Ritchie, staring up at the stars.	
Poké	item	28	 They are reunited, and the Poké Balls are there too!	
Poké	item	58	 Finally, they remember that they were in a van with 100+ Poké Balls at their disposal.	
Poké	item	158	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	99	 Pidgeotto and Happy (Ritchie's Butterfree) act as parachutes, catching their respective Trainers (Poké Balls and Pikachu included).	
Smog	move	76	 Team Rocket performs their usual motto, and, behind the cover of Weezing's Smog, escape with the Poké Balls and Pikachu.	
Ash	person	24	The episode starts with Ash and his friends going to get something to eat after Ash's victory in the fourth round of the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Ash	person	80	The episode starts with Ash and his friends going to get something to eat after Ash's victory in the fourth round of the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Ash	person	46	 When they arrive at the restaurant they find Ash's mom and Professor Oak standing outside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's mom then heads into the restaurant and begins to cook at the stove, while the cooks look on in confusion.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash warns him that Pikachu might shock him, but to his surprise Pikachu is enjoying the experience.	
Ash	person	62	 The boy tells them that he can get it running again and asks Ash if he can use Pikachu for his Thunder Shock attack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees, and the boy opens the device and lets Pikachu use ThunderShock on it.	
Ash	person	139	 Unfortunately, when Jessie attempts to stuff Pikachu into a sack (getting shocked in the process), James lets slip Jessie's name, causing Ash and Ritchie to realize who they were.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Ritchie chase after them, cutting through the mountains to reach the escaping van.	
Ash	person	21	 It's nighttime, and Ash and Ritchie still haven't confronted Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	57	 After doing a "Poké-dance", the scene switches back to Ash and Ritchie, staring up at the stars.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Ritchie follow the tracks, and discover the van along with the sleeping trio of Rockets.	
Ash	person	66	 Ritchie identifies his Pokémon due to star-shaped stickers, but Ash sends out a Drowzee, Slowbro, and even a Magikarp before Pikachu sniffs out Bulbasaur's Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	37	After they return, we leave off with Ash and Ritchie finding out that their next opponents are.	
Oak	person	70	 When they arrive at the restaurant they find Ash's mom and Professor Oak standing outside.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak remarks he's glad they opened the door for him.	
