Rocket Air Balloon	item	33	 Ash orders Pidgeotto to fly the Rocket Air Balloon to the Pokémon stadium.	
Professor Oak	person	25	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Professor Oak	person	11	 Delia and Professor Oak note that Ash certainly seems to choose his friends well.	
Professor Oak	person	112	 Ash's friends are very relieved, while Delia shouts at her son to apologize for keeping everyone waiting while Professor Oak tries to calm her down.	
ThunderShock	move	14	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock to paralyze them.	
Sleep Powder	move	36	 Happy defeats Squirtle easily with Sleep Powder, and the ringer counts this as an elimination.	
Flamethrower	move	141	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Flamethrower	move	169	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Team Rocket	group	21	After foiling one of Team Rocket's heists in the last episode, Ash and Ritchie are battling against each other in the round five battle!	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Unfortunately for Ash, due to Team Rocket's sneaky tricks, he becomes distracted on the way to the next battle.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket kidnaps Ash and demand that he either surrenders his Pikachu to them or be unable to battle Ritchie in Round five.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket returns, but Ash uses his Bulbasaur to defeat them.	
Thunderbolt	move	86	 Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest.	
Thunderbolt	move	75	 Pikachu is at a disadvantage due to his lack of energy, but wins by using Thunderbolt.	
Nurse Joy	person	18	 Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	15	 Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pidgeotto to fly the Rocket Air Balloon to the Pokémon stadium.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	15	 Unfortunately Pidgeotto is exhausted from flying the entire Balloon to the stadium, and Ash thanks it for all its effort.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	39	 Team Rocket returns, but Ash uses his Bulbasaur to defeat them.	
Charizard	pokemon	55	 He uses this one choice and sends out the disobedient Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	89	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard stomps on the ground twice, then uses his wings to create a strong wind that pushes back Sparky.	
Charizard	pokemon	41	 Ash is desperate and begins to beg, but Charizard clearly has no intention of moving for the trainer it doesn't respect.	
Charizard	pokemon	22	 The referee declares Charizard as eliminated, giving Ritchie the victory.	
Squirtle	pokemon	96	 Ash is trapped in the back of a truck, but manages to escape by flooding the entire truck with Squirtle, and escapes when the truck runs over.	
Squirtle	pokemon	66	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Happy defeats Squirtle easily with Sleep Powder, and the ringer counts this as an elimination.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	 Team Rocket kidnaps Ash and demand that he either surrenders his Pikachu to them or be unable to battle Ritchie in Round five.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses ThunderShock to paralyze them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	 Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash is truly surprised to see that Pikachu has enough energy to battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is at a disadvantage due to his lack of energy, but wins by using Thunderbolt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 Ritchie sends out Zippo, who uses multiple Flamethrowers that Pikachu dodges.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Then, Zippo uses Tackle, finally making Pikachu too weak to battle.	
Ritchie	person	71	After foiling one of Team Rocket's heists in the last episode, Ash and Ritchie are battling against each other in the round five battle!	
Ritchie	person	86	 Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had.	
Ritchie	person	105	 Team Rocket kidnaps Ash and demand that he either surrenders his Pikachu to them or be unable to battle Ritchie in Round five.	
Ritchie	person	11	Meanwhile, Ritchie and everyone else is awaiting Ash's arrival.	
Ritchie	person	66	 Everybody is getting tired of waiting and the referee approaches Ritchie to inform him that as it appears that Ash is not going to turn up he is to be disqualified and Ritchie will win the match by default, but Ritchie begs the referee to wait.	
Ritchie	person	169	 Everybody is getting tired of waiting and the referee approaches Ritchie to inform him that as it appears that Ash is not going to turn up he is to be disqualified and Ritchie will win the match by default, but Ritchie begs the referee to wait.	
Ritchie	person	212	 Everybody is getting tired of waiting and the referee approaches Ritchie to inform him that as it appears that Ash is not going to turn up he is to be disqualified and Ritchie will win the match by default, but Ritchie begs the referee to wait.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie tells the referee that he and Ash promised each other a great battle and that Ash must have a good reason for not being there but he is certain that his new friend will turn up.	
Ritchie	person	26	 The referee, seeing that Ritchie is desperate that Ash not be disqualified, agrees to give Ash ten more minutes.	
Ritchie	person	80	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Ritchie	person	89	 By now the referee has had enough and is about to disqualify Ash and award the match to Ritchie when suddenly Ash appears overhead in the Meowth balloon, certainly making quite an entrance.	
Ritchie	person	28	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Ritchie	person	79	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie sends out Zippo, who uses multiple Flamethrowers that Pikachu dodges.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie recalls Zippo, which immediately eliminates him.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie sends out Sparky, who is ready for anything.	
Ritchie	person	54	 The referee declares Charizard as eliminated, giving Ritchie the victory.	
Ritchie	person	86	 Ash is very upset, but manages to put a lid on his feelings in order to congratulate Ritchie and wish him luck.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Ash orders Pidgeotto to fly the Rocket Air Balloon to the Pokémon stadium.	
Pokémon	pokemon	27	 Ash is left with only one Pokémon to use.	
Sparky	pokemon	19	 Ritchie sends out Sparky, who is ready for anything.	
Sparky	pokemon	100	 Charizard stomps on the ground twice, then uses his wings to create a strong wind that pushes back Sparky.	
Sparky	pokemon	46	 However, now it is satisfied it could defeat Sparky if it wanted, lies down to take a nap.	
Meowth	pokemon	139	 By now the referee has had enough and is about to disqualify Ash and award the match to Ritchie when suddenly Ash appears overhead in the Meowth balloon, certainly making quite an entrance.	
Tackle	move	18	 Then, Zippo uses Tackle, finally making Pikachu too weak to battle.	
Sleep	item	36	 Happy defeats Squirtle easily with Sleep Powder, and the ringer counts this as an elimination.	
Zippo	pokemon	19	 Ritchie sends out Zippo, who uses multiple Flamethrowers that Pikachu dodges.	
Zippo	pokemon	7	 Then, Zippo uses Tackle, finally making Pikachu too weak to battle.	
Zippo	pokemon	133	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Zippo	pokemon	17	 Ritchie recalls Zippo, which immediately eliminates him.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had.	
Brock	person	8	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Brock	person	49	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Happy	person	93	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Happy	person	1	 Happy defeats Squirtle easily with Sleep Powder, and the ringer counts this as an elimination.	
Misty	person	8	 Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Misty	person	59	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Delia	person	15	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Delia	person	1	 Delia and Professor Oak note that Ash certainly seems to choose his friends well.	
Delia	person	40	 Ash's friends are very relieved, while Delia shouts at her son to apologize for keeping everyone waiting while Professor Oak tries to calm her down.	
Ash	person	63	After foiling one of Team Rocket's heists in the last episode, Ash and Ritchie are battling against each other in the round five battle!	
Ash	person	34	 Brock, Misty and Nurse Joy think Ash is lucky he gets to battle a friend, and he and Ritchie vow to make it the best battle they've had.	
Ash	person	19	 Unfortunately for Ash, due to Team Rocket's sneaky tricks, he becomes distracted on the way to the next battle.	
Ash	person	21	 Team Rocket kidnaps Ash and demand that he either surrenders his Pikachu to them or be unable to battle Ritchie in Round five.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is trapped in the back of a truck, but manages to escape by flooding the entire truck with Squirtle, and escapes when the truck runs over.	
Ash	person	26	 Team Rocket returns, but Ash uses his Bulbasaur to defeat them.	
Ash	person	57	 They return a final time by hooking a crane on the bike Ash stole from them, and lifting him into the air.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes out Pidgeotto to fly Pikachu up into their air balloon, where Pikachu uses Thunderbolt on them, and they drop into the forest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pidgeotto to fly the Rocket Air Balloon to the Pokémon stadium.	
Ash	person	49	Meanwhile, Ritchie and everyone else is awaiting Ash's arrival.	
Ash	person	112	 Everybody is getting tired of waiting and the referee approaches Ritchie to inform him that as it appears that Ash is not going to turn up he is to be disqualified and Ritchie will win the match by default, but Ritchie begs the referee to wait.	
Ash	person	39	 Ritchie tells the referee that he and Ash promised each other a great battle and that Ash must have a good reason for not being there but he is certain that his new friend will turn up.	
Ash	person	87	 Ritchie tells the referee that he and Ash promised each other a great battle and that Ash must have a good reason for not being there but he is certain that his new friend will turn up.	
Ash	person	52	 The referee, seeing that Ritchie is desperate that Ash not be disqualified, agrees to give Ash ten more minutes.	
Ash	person	92	 The referee, seeing that Ritchie is desperate that Ash not be disqualified, agrees to give Ash ten more minutes.	
Ash	person	35	 Delia and Professor Oak note that Ash certainly seems to choose his friends well.	
Ash	person	51	 The ten minutes pass and there's still no sign of Ash.	
Ash	person	62	 By now the referee has had enough and is about to disqualify Ash and award the match to Ritchie when suddenly Ash appears overhead in the Meowth balloon, certainly making quite an entrance.	
Ash	person	111	 By now the referee has had enough and is about to disqualify Ash and award the match to Ritchie when suddenly Ash appears overhead in the Meowth balloon, certainly making quite an entrance.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's friends are very relieved, while Delia shouts at her son to apologize for keeping everyone waiting while Professor Oak tries to calm her down.	
Ash	person	89	 Unfortunately Pidgeotto is exhausted from flying the entire Balloon to the stadium, and Ash thanks it for all its effort.	
Ash	person	20	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Ash	person	56	 The battle between Ash and Ritchie finally begins with Ash using Squirtle and Ritchie using Happy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is truly surprised to see that Pikachu has enough energy to battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is left with only one Pokémon to use.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash realizes he only has one choice, and it's a very risky one.	
Ash	person	24	 Everyone is shocked by Ash's choice, especially Brock and Misty, but to their surprise, Charizard battles after he is almost hit by Zippo's Flamethrower, by shooting a Flamethrower of his own.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is desperate and begins to beg, but Charizard clearly has no intention of moving for the trainer it doesn't respect.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is very upset, but manages to put a lid on his feelings in order to congratulate Ritchie and wish him luck.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's friends are proud of him for his attitude, and later Ash stands alone in the empty stadium, knowing that regardless of his loss he has still learned a lot.	
Ash	person	60	 Ash's friends are proud of him for his attitude, and later Ash stands alone in the empty stadium, knowing that regardless of his loss he has still learned a lot.	
Oak	person	35	 Misty, Brock, Delia and Professor Oak are beginning to worry, but are proud of Ritchie.	
Oak	person	21	 Delia and Professor Oak note that Ash certainly seems to choose his friends well.	
Oak	person	122	 Ash's friends are very relieved, while Delia shouts at her son to apologize for keeping everyone waiting while Professor Oak tries to calm her down.	
