Pokémon League Badge	item	53	 Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Pokémon League	group	53	 Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Professor Oak	person	69	 He's been lying in his bed ever since, and his friends, mother, and Professor Oak are getting worried.	
Professor Oak	person	65	 They start to argue about how good a Trainer Ash really is when Professor Oak comes in.	
Professor Oak	person	71	 He gazes at the sky then he looks over and sees his friends, mom, and Professor Oak.	
Flamethrower	move	90	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Mr. Goodshow	person	1	 Mr. Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Pallet Town	settlement	53	 Smiling he asks Pikachu if he's ready to go back to Pallet Town.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket appears at the surface and laughs at them.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket uses a cage at the end of a fishing pole and pulls both of their Pikachu out of the hole.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 Pidgeotto blows the gas back at Team Rocket with Gust and Ritchie sends out Zippo.	
Team Rocket	group	3	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Team Rocket	group	120	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 Then Ash tosses the cage into their hands where it explodes, blasting Team Rocket into the air.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 As this is going on, however, Team Rocket is digging a hole outside.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket continues to dig as fireworks go off in the sky.	
Team Rocket	group	17	 It goes off and Team Rocket is blasted off again.	
Solar Beam	move	44	 Ivysaur jumps into the air and unleashes a Solar Beam, hurling Sparky to the ground.	
Razor Leaf	move	49	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Butterfree	pokemon	115	 They start to make their getaway when Ash and Ritchie rise out of the other hole, clinging to their Pidgeotto and Butterfree respectively.	
Tentacool	pokemon	108	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	101	 They start to make their getaway when Ash and Ritchie rise out of the other hole, clinging to their Pidgeotto and Butterfree respectively.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto blows the gas back at Team Rocket with Gust and Ritchie sends out Zippo.	
Water Gun	move	137	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	14	Ash sends out Bulbasaur, who tries to grab the cage with his vines.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	7	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Charizard	pokemon	42	 He tells Ash that he should have trained Charizard better.	
Venomoth	pokemon	75	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Goodshow	person	1	 Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Squirtle	pokemon	94	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Moltres	pokemon	72	 Ash remembers the highlights of the League games, all from when he saw Moltres at the opening ceremonies to when he lost to Ritchie.	
Assunta	person	21	 Ritchie's opponent, Assunta, sends out Ivysaur and Ritchie sends out Sparky.	
Assunta	person	1	 Assunta wins.	
Spearow	pokemon	90	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	40	 Ritchie's opponent, Assunta, sends out Ivysaur and Ritchie sends out Sparky.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	50	 As soon as he pops out, Sparky gets a beating by Ivysaur.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	1	 Ivysaur jumps into the air and unleashes a Solar Beam, hurling Sparky to the ground.	
Ivysaur	pokemon	34	 Just as he gets up, he is hit by Ivysaur's Tackle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu, however, is having none of it, and he ThunderShocks everyone in the room.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ritchie runs up to his Pikachu and makes sure he's OK.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 As their Pikachu play, they talk about their losses.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	Suddenly, both Pikachu fall into a hole.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	 Team Rocket uses a cage at the end of a fishing pole and pulls both of their Pikachu out of the hole.	
Pikachu	pokemon	23	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 Their Pikachu come running up to them and are warmly greeted.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Smiling he asks Pikachu if he's ready to go back to Pallet Town.	
Thunder	move	13	 None of his Thunder Shocks are connecting.	
Ritchie	person	83	 Pikachu, however, is having none of it, and he ThunderShocks everyone in the room.Ritchie's next battle is about to begin.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie's opponent, Assunta, sends out Ivysaur and Ritchie sends out Sparky.	
Ritchie	person	52	 Ritchie's opponent, Assunta, sends out Ivysaur and Ritchie sends out Sparky.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie runs up to his Pikachu and makes sure he's OK.	
Ritchie	person	17	Later, Ash joins Ritchie near a lake.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie says that he would've trained harder if he'd known how tough the competition would be.	
Ritchie	person	8	 He and Ritchie promise to become Pokémon Masters no matter what.	
Ritchie	person	1	 Ritchie and Ash run over to see what happened, and they too fall into a hole.	
Ritchie	person	48	 When he lands, the bottom falls out and he and Ritchie plummet another few feet.	
Ritchie	person	47	 They start to make their getaway when Ash and Ritchie rise out of the other hole, clinging to their Pidgeotto and Butterfree respectively.	
Ritchie	person	59	 Pidgeotto blows the gas back at Team Rocket with Gust and Ritchie sends out Zippo.	
Ritchie	person	25	As the sun sets, Ash and Ritchie congratulate each other.	
Ritchie	person	43	 Brock and Misty run up and invite him and Ritchie to dinner, after which they'll go to the closing ceremonies.	
Ritchie	person	9	 Ash and Ritchie sit in the stands talking.	
Ritchie	person	41	 After Ash reminds him of their promise, Ritchie sets off.	
Ritchie	person	125	 Ash remembers the highlights of the League games, all from when he saw Moltres at the opening ceremonies to when he lost to Ritchie.	
Weezing	pokemon	13	 James sends Weezing for a Smog attack.	
Trainer	person	38	 They start to argue about how good a Trainer Ash really is when Professor Oak comes in.	
Pokémon	pokemon	43	 He sits in a locker room and talks to his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 Both Trainers are fairly equally matched and they are soon both down to their last Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 He and Ritchie promise to become Pokémon Masters no matter what.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 They aim to dig under the field and steal the Pokémon.	
Rhydon	pokemon	53	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Sparky	pokemon	70	 Ritchie's opponent, Assunta, sends out Ivysaur and Ritchie sends out Sparky.	
Sparky	pokemon	25	 As soon as he pops out, Sparky gets a beating by Ivysaur.	
Sparky	pokemon	64	 Ivysaur jumps into the air and unleashes a Solar Beam, hurling Sparky to the ground.	
Sparky	pokemon	35	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Sparky	pokemon	55	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Jessie	person	46	 Meowth listens at the ground above and tells Jessie and James to dig up.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth listens at the ground above and tells Jessie and James to dig up.	
Tackle	move	44	 Just as he gets up, he is hit by Ivysaur's Tackle.	
Zippo	pokemon	31	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Zippo	pokemon	77	 Pidgeotto blows the gas back at Team Rocket with Gust and Ritchie sends out Zippo.	
Zippo	pokemon	61	 After Bulbasaur frees Pikachu and Sparky with a Razor Leaf, Zippo ignites the gas with a Flamethrower.	
Brock	person	44	 The door opens and in walk Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and Misty run up and invite him and Ritchie to dinner, after which they'll go to the closing ceremonies.	
James	person	29	 They try to shock them, but James tells them that the bars absorb electricity.	
James	person	1	 James sends Weezing for a Smog attack.	
James	person	57	 Meowth listens at the ground above and tells Jessie and James to dig up.	
Happy	person	61	 Brief battles are shown where Zippo battles against Rhydon, Happy against Venomoth and a Spearow against a Tentacool.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that he should be happy that he made it as far as he did and goes in to try to cheer him up.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash start an argument again.	
Misty	person	33	 The door opens and in walk Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
Misty	person	11	 Brock and Misty run up and invite him and Ritchie to dinner, after which they'll go to the closing ceremonies.	
Water	type	137	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Badge	item	69	 Goodshow gives each and every one of them a special Pokémon League Badge for competing in the league.	
Gust	move	50	 Pidgeotto blows the gas back at Team Rocket with Gust and Ritchie sends out Zippo.	
Smog	move	27	 James sends Weezing for a Smog attack.	
Ash	person	46	 They start to argue about how good a Trainer Ash really is when Professor Oak comes in.	
Ash	person	10	 He tells Ash that he should have trained Charizard better.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash start an argument again.	
Ash	person	28	 The door opens and in walk Ash, Misty, and Brock.	
Ash	person	16	 In the stands, Ash and his friends are disappointed.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash joins Ritchie near a lake.	
Ash	person	58	 He then comments on how losing is good for Trainers, and Ash realizes how much of a baby he was.	
Ash	person	13	 Ritchie and Ash run over to see what happened, and they too fall into a hole.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to climb up the side, but slips down.	
Ash	person	39	 They start to make their getaway when Ash and Ritchie rise out of the other hole, clinging to their Pidgeotto and Butterfree respectively.Ash sends out Bulbasaur, who tries to grab the cage with his vines.	
Ash	person	139	 They start to make their getaway when Ash and Ritchie rise out of the other hole, clinging to their Pidgeotto and Butterfree respectively.Ash sends out Bulbasaur, who tries to grab the cage with his vines.	
Ash	person	35	As Team Rocket run around in pain, Ash has Pikachu and Sparky recharge the cage, he sends out Squirtle who extinguishes Team Rocket with Water Gun.	
Ash	person	6	 Then Ash tosses the cage into their hands where it explodes, blasting Team Rocket into the air.	
Ash	person	17	As the sun sets, Ash and Ritchie congratulate each other.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Ritchie sit in the stands talking.	
Ash	person	7	 After Ash reminds him of their promise, Ritchie sets off.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash remembers the highlights of the League games, all from when he saw Moltres at the opening ceremonies to when he lost to Ritchie.	
Oak	person	79	 He's been lying in his bed ever since, and his friends, mother, and Professor Oak are getting worried.	
Oak	person	75	 They start to argue about how good a Trainer Ash really is when Professor Oak comes in.	
Oak	person	81	 He gazes at the sky then he looks over and sees his friends, mom, and Professor Oak.	
