Professor Oak's Laboratory	building	127	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Indigo Plateau Conference	event	40	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Orange Archipelago	region	78	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Valencia Island	region	55	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Valencia Island	region	52	 Ash and his friends then continue their journey to Valencia Island.	
Indigo Plateau	region	40	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Professor Ivy	person	121	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Professor Oak	person	127	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Professor Oak	person	169	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Professor Oak	person	8	Back at Professor Oak’s Lab, the Professor finishes treating Pidgeotto’s wounds.	
Professor Oak	person	127	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Poison Sting	move	53	 Jessie sends out Arbok to shoot down Pidgeotto with Poison Sting.	
ThunderShock	move	27	 Ash orders Pikachu to use ThunderShock, causing the Fearow to drop them into the forest.	
Flamethrower	move	151	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Quick Attack	move	40	 Ash sends Pidgeotto after them, with a Quick Attack bursting the balloon.	
Quick Attack	move	3	 A Quick Attack follow-up easily strikes the Fearow.	
Pallet Town	settlement	67	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Team Rocket	group	152	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.Team Rocket, in disguise, man a venue cooking food for the party.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 During the confusion, Team Rocket takes Pikachu and runs back to their stand.	
Team Rocket	group	55	 Ash and his friends toss the food back at them before Team Rocket attempts to escape, with Pikachu hanging from the bottom.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 Before Charizard can get anything, Team Rocket continues to bomb the area, destroying the table.	
Team Rocket	group	117	 Angry, Charizard races after them, deflecting another group of bombs back at the balloon, destroying it and sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket lands in a tree.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 They land in the same tree that Team Rocket is unable to leave from.	
Team Rocket	group	20	 Ash decides to get Team Rocket to safety first by jumping on the branches, getting the trio onto the ground.	
Team Rocket	group	19	 The Spearow chase Team Rocket away.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Meanwhile Team Rocket is still running away from the Spearow!	
Thunderbolt	move	51	 Pikachu then jumps onto the Fearow and launches a Thunderbolt.	
Laboratory	building	143	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Poké Ball	item	160	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Poké Ball	item	93	 Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Pidgeotto after them, with a Quick Attack bursting the balloon.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	38	 Jessie sends out Arbok to shoot down Pidgeotto with Poison Sting.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	76	 Something pecks at Jessie as Meowth points out a whole flock of Pidgey and Pidgeotto around them.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	63	Back at Professor Oak’s Lab, the Professor finishes treating Pidgeotto’s wounds.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	42	 Though Ash feels responsible for putting Pidgeotto at risk, his Pokémon doesn’t hold it against him and nudges him.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	51	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	67	 Jessie fills him in on the situation as he notices the Pidgey and Pidgeotto.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	32	Ash tries to get the Pidgey and Pidgeotto to fly away, but they are still hesitant.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	24	 Ash brings out his own Pidgeotto and has it lead them away.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	9	 Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	1	 Pidgeotto struggles to get up, letting out a cry as it begins to evolve, completing its evolution to Pidgeot!	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	140	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Pidgeotto	pokemon	104	Back on the ground, as the sun sets, Ash decides to leave Pidgeot with the group to keep the Pidgey and Pidgeotto safe.	
Water Gun	move	110	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Charizard	pokemon	96	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Charizard	pokemon	34	 Furious, Ash decides to send out Charizard to get Pikachu.	
Charizard	pokemon	8	 Before Charizard can get anything, Team Rocket continues to bomb the area, destroying the table.	
Charizard	pokemon	8	 Angry, Charizard races after them, deflecting another group of bombs back at the balloon, destroying it and sending Team Rocket blasting off.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard catches Pikachu from his free fall and flies back before torching Ash and showing off its power to the guests.	
Charizard	pokemon	22	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.	
Charizard	pokemon	106	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.	
Squirtle	pokemon	83	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Squirtle	pokemon	9	 Ash has Squirtle attack, but the balloon is too high up.	
Spearow	pokemon	62	 Jessie tries to look beyond some trees, but a whole flock of Spearow led by a Fearow attack her.	
Spearow	pokemon	53	 Pikachu looks up and alerts the group to a flock of Spearow, ducking to avoid them as well as the Fearow.	
Spearow	pokemon	81	 Ash scans with his Pokédex and wonders why they are attacking, remembering the Spearow he hit with a rock when he first started.	
Spearow	pokemon	5	 The Spearow chase Team Rocket away.	
Spearow	pokemon	54	 Meanwhile Team Rocket is still running away from the Spearow!	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 During the confusion, Team Rocket takes Pikachu and runs back to their stand.	
Pikachu	pokemon	92	 Ash and his friends toss the food back at them before Team Rocket attempts to escape, with Pikachu hanging from the bottom.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Furious, Ash decides to send out Charizard to get Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Charizard catches Pikachu from his free fall and flies back before torching Ash and showing off its power to the guests.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu looks up and alerts the group to a flock of Spearow, ducking to avoid them as well as the Fearow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	The Fearow swoops around and grabs Ash and Pikachu, flying into the air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to use ThunderShock, causing the Fearow to drop them into the forest.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu joins him as they soar after Fearow.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then jumps onto the Fearow and launches a Thunderbolt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Pokémon	pokemon	30	 Misty suggests letting their Pokémon out to enjoy the food as well.	
Pokémon	pokemon	136	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Pokémon	pokemon	46	 Ash takes the food back as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon take the first bite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	 Ash catches his Pokémon before it hits the ground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Though Ash feels responsible for putting Pidgeotto at risk, his Pokémon doesn’t hold it against him and nudges him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 The Flying Pokémon start to soar away, when Fearow returns.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Ash catches up to his hurt Pokémon as the Fearow begins to harass the other Pidgey.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Pidgeot flies away with the other bird Pokémon, leading them away.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	102	 Pidgeotto struggles to get up, letting out a cry as it begins to evolve, completing its evolution to Pidgeot!	
Pidgeot	pokemon	32	 Ash scans with his Pokédex as Pidgeot spreads its wings, wanting Ash to get on.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	24	 Fearow turns around as Pidgeot fires multiple Gust attacks, hammering the Fearow.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	163	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	58	Back on the ground, as the sun sets, Ash decides to leave Pidgeot with the group to keep the Pidgey and Pidgeotto safe.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	1	 Pidgeot flies away with the other bird Pokémon, leading them away.	
Pokédex	item	20	 Ash scans with his Pokédex and wonders why they are attacking, remembering the Spearow he hit with a rock when he first started.	
Pokédex	item	20	 Ash scans with his Pokédex as Pidgeot spreads its wings, wanting Ash to get on.	
Flying	type	5	 The Flying Pokémon start to soar away, when Fearow returns.	
Fearow	pokemon	79	 Jessie tries to look beyond some trees, but a whole flock of Spearow led by a Fearow attack her.	
Fearow	pokemon	99	 Pikachu looks up and alerts the group to a flock of Spearow, ducking to avoid them as well as the Fearow.	
Fearow	pokemon	4	The Fearow swoops around and grabs Ash and Pikachu, flying into the air.	
Fearow	pokemon	53	 Ash orders Pikachu to use ThunderShock, causing the Fearow to drop them into the forest.	
Fearow	pokemon	46	 The Flying Pokémon start to soar away, when Fearow returns.	
Fearow	pokemon	34	 Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground.	
Fearow	pokemon	58	 Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground.	
Fearow	pokemon	44	 Ash catches up to his hurt Pokémon as the Fearow begins to harass the other Pidgey.	
Fearow	pokemon	38	 Pikachu joins him as they soar after Fearow.	
Fearow	pokemon	1	 Fearow turns around as Pidgeot fires multiple Gust attacks, hammering the Fearow.	
Fearow	pokemon	75	 Fearow turns around as Pidgeot fires multiple Gust attacks, hammering the Fearow.	
Fearow	pokemon	45	 A Quick Attack follow-up easily strikes the Fearow.	
Fearow	pokemon	29	 Pikachu then jumps onto the Fearow and launches a Thunderbolt.	
Fearow	pokemon	64	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Fearow	pokemon	182	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Fearow	pokemon	14	 Outnumbered, Fearow turns tail and flies away.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and Meowth shell the area with bombs, causing panic.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie sends out Arbok to shoot down Pidgeotto with Poison Sting.	
Jessie	person	20	 Something pecks at Jessie as Meowth points out a whole flock of Pidgey and Pidgeotto around them.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tries to look beyond some trees, but a whole flock of Spearow led by a Fearow attack her.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie fills him in on the situation as he notices the Pidgey and Pidgeotto.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Jessie and Meowth shell the area with bombs, causing panic.	
Meowth	pokemon	18	 As they descend, Meowth triggers a secondary balloon to stop their fall.	
Meowth	pokemon	30	 Something pecks at Jessie as Meowth points out a whole flock of Pidgey and Pidgeotto around them.	
Tackle	move	69	 Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground.	
Pidgey	pokemon	65	 Something pecks at Jessie as Meowth points out a whole flock of Pidgey and Pidgeotto around them.	
Pidgey	pokemon	56	 Jessie fills him in on the situation as he notices the Pidgey and Pidgeotto.	
Pidgey	pokemon	57	 Misty and Brock catch up to Ash as he plans to help the Pidgey family.	
Pidgey	pokemon	21	Ash tries to get the Pidgey and Pidgeotto to fly away, but they are still hesitant.	
Pidgey	pokemon	78	 Ash catches up to his hurt Pokémon as the Fearow begins to harass the other Pidgey.	
Pidgey	pokemon	129	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Pidgey	pokemon	93	Back on the ground, as the sun sets, Ash decides to leave Pidgeot with the group to keep the Pidgey and Pidgeotto safe.	
Staryu	pokemon	11	 Misty has Staryu cool them down.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Brock	person	28	 Ash takes the food back as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon take the first bite.	
Brock	person	42	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball.	
Brock	person	11	 Misty and Brock catch up to Ash as he plans to help the Pidgey family.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty suggests letting their Pokémon out to enjoy the food as well.	
Misty	person	8	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty has Staryu cool them down.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Brock catch up to Ash as he plans to help the Pidgey family.	
Water	type	110	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Arbok	pokemon	18	 Jessie sends out Arbok to shoot down Pidgeotto with Poison Sting.	
Poké	item	160	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Poké	item	93	 Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball.	
Gary	person	44	 It can’t be transported and his grandson Gary is currently occupied.	
Gust	move	47	 Fearow turns around as Pidgeot fires multiple Gust attacks, hammering the Fearow.	
Lab	building	26	Back at Professor Oak’s Lab, the Professor finishes treating Pidgeotto’s wounds.	
Ash	person	6	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Ash	person	19	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Ash	person	52	 Brock, Misty, and Ash bring out their parties, but Ash's friends prevent him from bringing out Charizard, knowing how unruly the Flame Pokémon can be.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash places an order, they decide to sabotage it with extremely hot sauces.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes the food back as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon take the first bite.	
Ash	person	38	 Ash takes the food back as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon take the first bite.	
Ash	person	52	 The piquance immediately takes a toll as Brock and Ash’s Pokémon fumble about, Squirtle unable to use its Water Gun (and looks as if it were using Flamethrower).	
Ash	person	1	 Ash laughs at their sensitivity to the spice, but he takes it back when he experiences the spicy meatball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends toss the food back at them before Team Rocket attempts to escape, with Pikachu hanging from the bottom.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has Squirtle attack, but the balloon is too high up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Pidgeotto after them, with a Quick Attack bursting the balloon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash catches his Pokémon before it hits the ground.	
Ash	person	10	 Furious, Ash decides to send out Charizard to get Pikachu.	
Ash	person	77	 Charizard catches Pikachu from his free fall and flies back before torching Ash and showing off its power to the guests.	
Ash	person	8	 Though Ash feels responsible for putting Pidgeotto at risk, his Pokémon doesn’t hold it against him and nudges him.	
Ash	person	66	 Misty points out how Charizard is the opposite of Pidgeotto, but Ash believes he will be able to control Charizard eventually.	
Ash	person	24	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
Ash	person	61	 Misty and Brock are inspired to put in some beach time, but Ash is more intrigued about the Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	57	 Nonetheless, they all agree to head off, departing from Ash’s home.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends head off into the forest, they become aware of the lack of activity in the forest.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans with his Pokédex and wonders why they are attacking, remembering the Spearow he hit with a rock when he first started.	
Ash	person	35	The Fearow swoops around and grabs Ash and Pikachu, flying into the air.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to use ThunderShock, causing the Fearow to drop them into the forest.	
Ash	person	29	 Misty and Brock catch up to Ash as he plans to help the Pidgey family.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to get Team Rocket to safety first by jumping on the branches, getting the trio onto the ground.	
Ash	person	36	 The Spearow chase Team Rocket away.Ash tries to get the Pidgey and Pidgeotto to fly away, but they are still hesitant.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out his own Pidgeotto and has it lead them away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash’s Pidgeotto challenges the Fearow, but gets hit by Fearow’s Tackle, sending it to the ground.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash catches up to his hurt Pokémon as the Fearow begins to harass the other Pidgey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash scans with his Pokédex as Pidgeot spreads its wings, wanting Ash to get on.	
Ash	person	67	 Ash scans with his Pokédex as Pidgeot spreads its wings, wanting Ash to get on.	
Ash	person	27	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Ash	person	34	 Pikachu gets back on with Ash as Ash attempts to catch it, but Fearow swats the Ball away and prepares to attack again, but the Pidgey and Pidgeotto team up with Pidgeot to assault Fearow with multiple attacks.	
Ash	person	37	Back on the ground, as the sun sets, Ash decides to leave Pidgeot with the group to keep the Pidgey and Pidgeotto safe.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends then continue their journey to Valencia Island.	
Oak	person	137	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Oak	person	179	After Ash’s Top 16 achievement in the Indigo Plateau Conference, Pallet Town holds a party celebrating his accomplishment at Professor Oak's Laboratory, hosted by the Professor Oak himself.	
Oak	person	18	Back at Professor Oak’s Lab, the Professor finishes treating Pidgeotto’s wounds.	
Oak	person	10	Professor Oak then asks Ash and his friends to head to Valencia Island in the Orange Archipelago to visit his colleague, Professor Ivy, to pick up a mysterious Poké Ball for him.	
