Valencia Island	region	30	As they prepare to depart for Valencia Island, Ash and his friends pick up supplies at a grocery store.	
Valencia Island	region	77	 Using their Pokémon, they are able to steer the blimp and crash-land it on Valencia Island.	
Brock's Geodude	pokemon	15	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
James's Weezing	pokemon	38	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
Professor Ivy	person	38	 Now safely on land, they continue to Professor Ivy's lab to obtain the GS Ball.	
Team Rocket	group	32	 They set out to find it, while Team Rocket starts looking for the twerps.	
Team Rocket	group	41	Eventually, Ash and friends meet up with Team Rocket and begin a Pokémon battle.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket take this opportunity and attempt to steal Pikachu, but their plan is thwarted when the blimp hits a pocket of turbulence, forcing them to fall out of the aircraft.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	148	 When Ash and the others reach the inflated portion of the blimp, they encounter what they believe to be a ghost, but it is actually revealed to be Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	63	 Meowth makes a parachute from some of the blimp's fabric, but Jigglypuff lands on top of it and starts to sing.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	56	 Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge.	
Giovanni	person	76	 Unbeknownst to the kids, Jessie and James have received an assignment from Giovanni to operate the blimp.	
GS Ball	item	72	 Now safely on land, they continue to Professor Ivy's lab to obtain the GS Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Team Rocket take this opportunity and attempt to steal Pikachu, but their plan is thwarted when the blimp hits a pocket of turbulence, forcing them to fall out of the aircraft.	
Weezing	pokemon	46	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
Geodude	pokemon	23	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	Eventually, Ash and friends meet up with Team Rocket and begin a Pokémon battle.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	 Using their Pokémon, they are able to steer the blimp and crash-land it on Valencia Island.	
Jessie	person	26	 Unbeknownst to the kids, Jessie and James have received an assignment from Giovanni to operate the blimp.	
Jessie	person	16	 At this point, Jessie and James enter the blimp.	
Jessie	person	35	 Meanwhile, Meowth fixes dinner as Jessie and James act as waiters.	
Jessie	person	58	 During some turbulence, Ash complains about the ride, so Jessie and James ask Meowth who's flying the blimp.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth fixes dinner as Jessie and James act as waiters.	
Meowth	pokemon	79	 During some turbulence, Ash complains about the ride, so Jessie and James ask Meowth who's flying the blimp.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth makes a parachute from some of the blimp's fabric, but Jigglypuff lands on top of it and starts to sing.	
Meowth	pokemon	23	 They fall asleep, and Meowth lets go of the fabric, causing the trio to fall into the ocean and drift away.	
Togepi	pokemon	29	Suddenly, Misty notices that Togepi is missing.	
Togepi	pokemon	21	 Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge.	
Togepi	pokemon	78	 Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge.	
Brock	person	41	 Ash suggests walking to the island, but Brock's guidebook says that it will only take less than a day traveling by blimp.	
Brock	person	15	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
James	person	37	 Unbeknownst to the kids, Jessie and James have received an assignment from Giovanni to operate the blimp.	
James	person	27	 At this point, Jessie and James enter the blimp.	
James	person	46	 Meanwhile, Meowth fixes dinner as Jessie and James act as waiters.	
James	person	69	 During some turbulence, Ash complains about the ride, so Jessie and James ask Meowth who's flying the blimp.	
James	person	38	 At one point, Brock's Geodude throws James's Weezing through the blimp, causing it to start ripping apart.	
Misty	person	10	Suddenly, Misty notices that Togepi is missing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge.	
Ash	person	47	As they prepare to depart for Valencia Island, Ash and his friends pick up supplies at a grocery store.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash suggests walking to the island, but Brock's guidebook says that it will only take less than a day traveling by blimp.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash shows his receipt, and wins a trip on the blimp.	
Ash	person	106	 Unbeknownst to the kids, Jessie and James have received an assignment from Giovanni to operate the blimp.Ash and the others reach the blimp yard and see a broken-down blimp.	
Ash	person	25	 During some turbulence, Ash complains about the ride, so Jessie and James ask Meowth who's flying the blimp.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash and the others reach the inflated portion of the blimp, they encounter what they believe to be a ghost, but it is actually revealed to be Jigglypuff.	
Ash	person	12	Eventually, Ash and friends meet up with Team Rocket and begin a Pokémon battle.	
Ash	person	48	 Misty finally spots Togepi on a high ledge, so Ash has Bulbasaur try to grab Togepi from the ledge.	
Ash	person	108	 They fall asleep, and Meowth lets go of the fabric, causing the trio to fall into the ocean and drift away.Ash and the others rush to control the blimp and try to land it.	
