Valencia Island	region	97	After the events in the previous episode, Ash and his friends managed to touch the blimp down on Valencia Island.	
Brock's Pokémon	pokemon	1	 Brock's Pokémon rush around with him as he fixes the roof.	
Pokémon Center	building	40	 Pikachu points to what appears to be a Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon Center	building	42	 She orders the assistants to contact the Pokémon Center.	
Professor Ivy	person	58	 They get to an outlook and realize that they cannot find Professor Ivy's lab.	
Professor Ivy	person	27	 She introduces herself as Professor Ivy.	
Professor Ivy	person	42	 Later that night, while everyone sleeps, Professor Ivy and the assistants watch Vileplume mark the area with their pollen.	
Professor Ivy	person	57	 Ash and Misty leave the lab and wave farewell to Brock, Professor Ivy, and her assistants.	
Professor Oak	person	46	 Ivy hands the ball over to Ash to deliver to Professor Oak.	
Pallet Town	settlement	118	As they walk, Misty notes how different it will be without Brock before bringing up the dilemma about getting back to Pallet Town.	
Team Rocket	group	65	 Knowing that it means getting another shot at catching Pikachu, Team Rocket gets to work repairing the blimp.	
Team Rocket	group	13	 A disguised Team Rocket whisks them aboard.	
Team Rocket	group	34	 When Ash and Misty request food, Team Rocket steps out and drops a steel cage to imprison them before revealing themselves.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket quickly grabs parachutes and opens the hatch, flying out as well as Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	32	 The ship takes to the skies as Jigglypuff manages to get onboard.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff jumps in and sings.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	81	 Team Rocket quickly grabs parachutes and opens the hatch, flying out as well as Jigglypuff.	
Butterfree	pokemon	94	 Ash and Misty scold them, but attention quickly shifts when an assistant points out that the Butterfree has not eaten in days despite different food combinations.	
Butterfree	pokemon	50	 He sprinkles the solution onto the food, and the Butterfree flies down immediately to eat.	
Nurse Joy	person	25	 They go inside and find Nurse Joy, much like previous centers.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy gives them directions to Ivy's lab.	
Vileplume	pokemon	33	 Misty smells the flowers, but a Vileplume steps out of the bushes.	
Vileplume	pokemon	41	 Ash checks his Pokédex and notices the Vileplume has different color leaves.	
Vileplume	pokemon	81	 Later that night, while everyone sleeps, Professor Ivy and the assistants watch Vileplume mark the area with their pollen.	
Gyarados	pokemon	3	 A Gyarados comes out of the sea as a woman pets it, shocking everyone by her skill.	
Gyarados	pokemon	1	 Gyarados takes her to the shore as one of the girls tosses her a lab coat.	
Raticate	pokemon	25	 The assistant notices a Raticate entering the pollen zone.	
Raticate	pokemon	23	 Ivy rushes in to pull Raticate to safety, exposing herself to the pollen and weakening her.	
Raticate	pokemon	32	 At the center, Joy treats both Raticate and the Professor.	
Raticate	pokemon	21	 Due to her actions, Raticate was not hurt very much and will recover.	
GS Ball	item	82	 She reveals the inscribed letters on the top of the ball, giving it the name the GS Ball.	
GS Ball	item	33	 Ash calls Oak and shows him the GS Ball.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu points to what appears to be a Pokémon Center.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Knowing that it means getting another shot at catching Pikachu, Team Rocket gets to work repairing the blimp.	
Pikachu	pokemon	60	 Brock and the others are amazed at the varying Pokémon as Pikachu and Togepi take a sample of the food.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, but Jessie warns that the attack will destroy the entire blimp.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Pikachu points to what appears to be a Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 The assistants rush out a crate of Pokémon food as other Pokémon come out, all possessing different coloring than normal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 The assistants rush out a crate of Pokémon food as other Pokémon come out, all possessing different coloring than normal.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 Brock and the others are amazed at the varying Pokémon as Pikachu and Togepi take a sample of the food.	
Pokémon	pokemon	42	 She orders the assistants to contact the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	9	 Brock's Pokémon rush around with him as he fixes the roof.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Brock explains that he can learn about Pokémon at the lab and that they need him more than Ash does.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex and notices the Vileplume has different color leaves.	
Jessie	person	63	 Both Meowth and James believe the blimp is beyond repair, but Jessie smacks them and reminds them that Ash and his friends have a return trip booked.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie adds that they're both blushing.	
Jessie	person	35	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, but Jessie warns that the attack will destroy the entire blimp.	
Meowth	pokemon	18	 At the airfield, Meowth looks in shock at the ruined blimp.	
Meowth	pokemon	6	 Both Meowth and James believe the blimp is beyond repair, but Jessie smacks them and reminds them that Ash and his friends have a return trip booked.	
Meowth	pokemon	128	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Togepi	pokemon	72	 Brock and the others are amazed at the varying Pokémon as Pikachu and Togepi take a sample of the food.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock and the others are amazed at the varying Pokémon as Pikachu and Togepi take a sample of the food.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock samples the food before running off.	
Brock	person	28	 The professor is amazed at Brock's skill.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock goes crazy at the need to clean, putting on his gear and going into a cleaning frenzy, making the place spotless and preparing an awesome dinner.	
Brock	person	56	 The professor and the assistants jump into the food as Brock muses at the comparison to his family.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock meets with them and gives them a snack as he watches.	
Brock	person	46	 The assistants show their concerns to Ivy as Brock watches with admiration.	
Brock	person	62	The next day, Ash and Misty prepare to leave, but they notice Brock is not with them.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock's Pokémon rush around with him as he fixes the roof.	
Brock	person	16	 Ivy notes that Brock wants to stay.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock explains that he can learn about Pokémon at the lab and that they need him more than Ash does.	
Brock	person	50	 Ash and Misty leave the lab and wave farewell to Brock, Professor Ivy, and her assistants.	
Brock	person	59	As they walk, Misty notes how different it will be without Brock before bringing up the dilemma about getting back to Pallet Town.	
Brock	person	13	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
James	person	17	 Both Meowth and James believe the blimp is beyond repair, but Jessie smacks them and reminds them that Ash and his friends have a return trip booked.	
James	person	40	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty smells the flowers, but a Vileplume steps out of the bushes.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty scold them, but attention quickly shifts when an assistant points out that the Butterfree has not eaten in days despite different food combinations.	
Misty	person	22	The next day, Ash and Misty prepare to leave, but they notice Brock is not with them.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty leave the lab and wave farewell to Brock, Professor Ivy, and her assistants.	
Misty	person	14	As they walk, Misty notes how different it will be without Brock before bringing up the dilemma about getting back to Pallet Town.	
Misty	person	37	 Ash brings out the blimp tickets as Misty mentions how the blimp was a disaster.	
Misty	person	14	 When Ash and Misty request food, Team Rocket steps out and drops a steel cage to imprison them before revealing themselves.	
Misty	person	74	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Misty	person	155	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash are stuck on the blimp without a pilot.	
Ash	person	42	After the events in the previous episode, Ash and his friends managed to touch the blimp down on Valencia Island.	
Ash	person	15	 As they walk, Ash finds the tropical heat exhausting.	
Ash	person	28	 Ivy hands the ball over to Ash to deliver to Professor Oak.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Oak and shows him the GS Ball.	
Ash	person	86	 Ivy takes the phone and the two professors talk, the scientific terminology baffling Ash and prompting him to cut the call short.	
Ash	person	104	 Both Meowth and James believe the blimp is beyond repair, but Jessie smacks them and reminds them that Ash and his friends have a return trip booked.	
Ash	person	10	Ivy leads Ash and the others throughout the outside environment, which serves as her lab.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex and notices the Vileplume has different color leaves.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty scold them, but attention quickly shifts when an assistant points out that the Butterfree has not eaten in days despite different food combinations.	
Ash	person	14	The next day, Ash and Misty prepare to leave, but they notice Brock is not with them.	
Ash	person	93	 Brock explains that he can learn about Pokémon at the lab and that they need him more than Ash does.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees as they shake hands.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty leave the lab and wave farewell to Brock, Professor Ivy, and her assistants.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out the blimp tickets as Misty mentions how the blimp was a disaster.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash and Misty request food, Team Rocket steps out and drops a steel cage to imprison them before revealing themselves.	
Ash	person	66	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Ash	person	147	 They notice Brock is not with them and James cracks a joke about Ash and Misty being "a pair of very romantic creatures", with Meowth adding that Ash and Misty are lovebirds, which both of them blatantly deny.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to attack, but Jessie warns that the attack will destroy the entire blimp.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash are stuck on the blimp without a pilot.	
Oak	person	56	 Ivy hands the ball over to Ash to deliver to Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	11	 Ash calls Oak and shows him the GS Ball.	
