Tangelo Island	region	83	 They find out that island isn’t deserted and that they were in Pokémon Park on Tangelo Island.	
Tangelo Island	region	42	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Pokémon Center	building	8	 At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy concludes that Lapras only needs a rest, but she reveals that it is afraid to have any human contact, probably based on how the three guys were abusing it.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	74	 The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying.	
Orange League	region	129	 Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League.	
Orange League	region	93	 Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League.	
Orange League	region	102	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Professor Oak	person	86	 Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	22	 Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak approves the decision.	
Professor Oak	person	38	 Knowing that Ash has a connection to Professor Oak, Tracey decides to join the group in order to meet the professor.	
Pokémon Park	region	66	 They find out that island isn’t deserted and that they were in Pokémon Park on Tangelo Island.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket watch nearby and decide to steal Lapras.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket fire a bazooka into the pool, creating a white smoke screen as they bind Lapras to their own truck.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket have to descend on switchbacks, allowing Ash and co.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 As they get closer, Team Rocket speeds up.	
Team Rocket	group	46	 The truck itself flies off the ramp, sending Team Rocket blasting off, but the trailer doesn’t follow.	
Orange Crew	region	146	 Ash and Misty confront the three guys, which quickly grows hostile as the guys reveal that they want the Lapras so they can use it to battle the Orange Crew.	
Orange Crew	region	92	 Three kids run in and ask Nurse Joy to heal their Pokémon in preparation for battling the Orange Crew.	
Orange Crew	region	34	 Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League.	
Orange Crew	region	93	 Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League.	
Thunderbolt	move	22	 Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt, knocking James onto the switch detaching the trailer.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	34	 The three guys send out Spearow, Hitmonchan and Beedrill.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	92	 He quickly points out that Spearow is vitamin-deficient, Beedrill’s coloring is poor and Hitmonchan is lacking exercise.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	36	 Ash decides to sing a lullaby, but Jigglypuff comes up and beats him to it, putting everyone to sleep with Sing.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	1	 Jigglypuff gets angry and goes on its drawing rampage.	
Nurse Joy	person	44	 He hands Ash medicine while he runs to get Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	25	 At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy concludes that Lapras only needs a rest, but she reveals that it is afraid to have any human contact, probably based on how the three guys were abusing it.	
Nurse Joy	person	27	 Three kids run in and ask Nurse Joy to heal their Pokémon in preparation for battling the Orange Crew.	
Beedrill	pokemon	49	 The three guys send out Spearow, Hitmonchan and Beedrill.	
Beedrill	pokemon	58	 He quickly points out that Spearow is vitamin-deficient, Beedrill’s coloring is poor and Hitmonchan is lacking exercise.	
GS Ball	item	75	 Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak.	
GS Ball	item	52	 Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League.	
Spearow	pokemon	25	 The three guys send out Spearow, Hitmonchan and Beedrill.	
Spearow	pokemon	28	 He quickly points out that Spearow is vitamin-deficient, Beedrill’s coloring is poor and Hitmonchan is lacking exercise.	
Pikachu	pokemon	61	 Suddenly, a group of elderly tourists walk by and pose with Pikachu and Togepi.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 They stroll along the beach city when Pikachu notices a Lapras on the beach.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 Ash pits Pikachu against all three while Misty hides Togepi.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 He contrasts the underdeveloped Pokémon with Ash’s Pikachu, noting the shiny coat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	80	 The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Ash tries to give Lapras the medicine, but Lapras knocks it away, Pikachu catching it before it breaks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt, knocking James onto the switch detaching the trailer.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu get back onto the truck bed as they head up a ramp.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu pull, but it fails as the trailer flies off the cliff.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu grab onto Lapras just before all three crash into the sea.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu are riding on Lapras's back to the beach.	
Venonat	pokemon	18	 Tracey sends out Venonat to use radar eye to track the truck before they can pursue.	
Venonat	pokemon	24	Misty and Tracey follow Venonat's senses, leading them to the beach.	
Weezing	pokemon	114	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
Pokémon	pokemon	66	 They find out that island isn’t deserted and that they were in Pokémon Park on Tangelo Island.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 He steps forward, measuring and sketching all the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 He contrasts the underdeveloped Pokémon with Ash’s Pikachu, noting the shiny coat.	
Pokémon	pokemon	50	 The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying.	
Pokémon	pokemon	104	 The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying.	
Pokémon	pokemon	8	 At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy concludes that Lapras only needs a rest, but she reveals that it is afraid to have any human contact, probably based on how the three guys were abusing it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 He reveals that he is a Pokémon watcher and that he observes Pokémon in their natural habitats.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 He reveals that he is a Pokémon watcher and that he observes Pokémon in their natural habitats.	
Pokémon	pokemon	51	 Three kids run in and ask Nurse Joy to heal their Pokémon in preparation for battling the Orange Crew.	
Lapras	pokemon	57	 They stroll along the beach city when Pikachu notices a Lapras on the beach.	
Lapras	pokemon	106	 Ash and Misty confront the three guys, which quickly grows hostile as the guys reveal that they want the Lapras so they can use it to battle the Orange Crew.	
Lapras	pokemon	58	 However, the watcher quickly shifts his attention to the Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	19	 Ash tries to give Lapras the medicine, but Lapras knocks it away, Pikachu catching it before it breaks.	
Lapras	pokemon	44	 Ash tries to give Lapras the medicine, but Lapras knocks it away, Pikachu catching it before it breaks.	
Lapras	pokemon	50	 At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy concludes that Lapras only needs a rest, but she reveals that it is afraid to have any human contact, probably based on how the three guys were abusing it.	
Lapras	pokemon	52	 Ash and the others decide to unite in getting that Lapras back with its group.	
Lapras	pokemon	57	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket watch nearby and decide to steal Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	6	After Lapras wakes up, the group wants to load Lapras aboard a truck to take it back to sea, but Lapras is afraid to move.	
Lapras	pokemon	47	After Lapras wakes up, the group wants to load Lapras aboard a truck to take it back to sea, but Lapras is afraid to move.	
Lapras	pokemon	97	After Lapras wakes up, the group wants to load Lapras aboard a truck to take it back to sea, but Lapras is afraid to move.	
Lapras	pokemon	26	 After everyone wakes up, Lapras still won't budge.	
Lapras	pokemon	27	 Ash tries to get close to Lapras, but it retreats underwater.	
Lapras	pokemon	69	 Ash takes off his hat and vest before jumping in and swimming after Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras evades Ash long enough, forcing Ash to retreat to the surface for air.	
Lapras	pokemon	86	 Team Rocket fire a bazooka into the pool, creating a white smoke screen as they bind Lapras to their own truck.	
Lapras	pokemon	33	 As Ash loosens the rope binding Lapras, the trailer begins to roll backwards, quickly picking off speed and almost plunging off a cliff.	
Lapras	pokemon	22	 With the rope loose, Lapras is no longer bound onto the trailer.	
Lapras	pokemon	27	 Ash and Pikachu grab onto Lapras just before all three crash into the sea.	
Lapras	pokemon	48	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu are riding on Lapras's back to the beach.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras appears comfortable around Ash as he proclaims Lapras as caught.	
Lapras	pokemon	55	 Lapras appears comfortable around Ash as he proclaims Lapras as caught.	
Lapras	pokemon	136	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Jessie	person	68	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
Meowth	pokemon	38	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
Tracey	person	80	 Ash and Misty make formal introductions, and the watcher introduces himself as Tracey.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League.	
Tracey	person	53	 Knowing that Ash has a connection to Professor Oak, Tracey decides to join the group in order to meet the professor.	
Tracey	person	18	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sends out Venonat to use radar eye to track the truck before they can pursue.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey stop pursuing due to fatigue.	
Tracey	person	10	Misty and Tracey follow Venonat's senses, leading them to the beach.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Togepi	pokemon	73	 Suddenly, a group of elderly tourists walk by and pose with Pikachu and Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	54	 Ash pits Pikachu against all three while Misty hides Togepi.	
James	person	79	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
James	person	101	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
James	person	44	 Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt, knocking James onto the switch detaching the trailer.	
Misty	person	90	 The blimp turns onto its side in the explosion, overturning the cage and freeing Ash and Misty.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty hike for miles without coming across another person.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty fears it’s a deserted island and they will have to eat bugs and berries.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty eventually find an exit, where two Hawaiian-style ladies in hula skirts put leis on the group.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty confront the three guys, which quickly grows hostile as the guys reveal that they want the Lapras so they can use it to battle the Orange Crew.	
Misty	person	42	 Ash pits Pikachu against all three while Misty hides Togepi.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty make formal introductions, and the watcher introduces himself as Tracey.	
Misty	person	27	 Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey stop pursuing due to fatigue.	
Misty	person	75	 Ash and Pikachu grab onto Lapras just before all three crash into the sea.Misty and Tracey follow Venonat's senses, leading them to the beach.	
Misty	person	22	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Badge	item	116	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Sing	move	108	 Ash decides to sing a lullaby, but Jigglypuff comes up and beats him to it, putting everyone to sleep with Sing.	
Smog	move	129	 Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck.	
Ash	person	82	 The blimp turns onto its side in the explosion, overturning the cage and freeing Ash and Misty.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty hike for miles without coming across another person.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty eventually find an exit, where two Hawaiian-style ladies in hula skirts put leis on the group.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty confront the three guys, which quickly grows hostile as the guys reveal that they want the Lapras so they can use it to battle the Orange Crew.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pits Pikachu against all three while Misty hides Togepi.	
Ash	person	47	 He contrasts the underdeveloped Pokémon with Ash’s Pikachu, noting the shiny coat.	
Ash	person	74	 The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying.	
Ash	person	10	 He hands Ash medicine while he runs to get Nurse Joy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to give Lapras the medicine, but Lapras knocks it away, Pikachu catching it before it breaks.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty make formal introductions, and the watcher introduces himself as Tracey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and the others decide to unite in getting that Lapras back with its group.	
Ash	person	20	 Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League.	
Ash	person	14	 Knowing that Ash has a connection to Professor Oak, Tracey decides to join the group in order to meet the professor.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to sing a lullaby, but Jigglypuff comes up and beats him to it, putting everyone to sleep with Sing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to get close to Lapras, but it retreats underwater.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes off his hat and vest before jumping in and swimming after Lapras.	
Ash	person	15	 Lapras evades Ash long enough, forcing Ash to retreat to the surface for air.	
Ash	person	40	 Lapras evades Ash long enough, forcing Ash to retreat to the surface for air.	
Ash	person	54	 Team Rocket have to descend on switchbacks, allowing Ash and co.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash picks up the pace, getting close enough for him to jump off his bike and directly onto the truck bed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash moves forward and gets inside the cabin.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu get back onto the truck bed as they head up a ramp.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash loosens the rope binding Lapras, the trailer begins to roll backwards, quickly picking off speed and almost plunging off a cliff.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls from the side, turning the trailer and avoiding a fall.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu pull, but it fails as the trailer flies off the cliff.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu grab onto Lapras just before all three crash into the sea.	
Ash	person	18	 In the distance, Ash and Pikachu are riding on Lapras's back to the beach.	
Ash	person	35	 Lapras appears comfortable around Ash as he proclaims Lapras as caught.	
Ash	person	14	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Ash	person	63	 Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.	
Oak	person	96	 Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	32	 Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak approves the decision.	
Oak	person	48	 Knowing that Ash has a connection to Professor Oak, Tracey decides to join the group in order to meet the professor.	
