Coral-Eye Badge	item	18	Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Ash's Squirtle	pokemon	114	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Pokémon Center	building	35	 They talk to Professor Oak at the Pokémon Center.	
Orange Islands	region	7	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Professor Oak	person	14	 They talk to Professor Oak at the Pokémon Center.	
Mikan Island	region	93	 They want to stop and find somewhere to eat, and Tracey says that they are getting close to Mikan Island, where one of the four Gym Leaders in the Orange Crew is.	
Mikan Island	region	3	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	48	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Team Rocket	group	51	 They talk to Professor Oak at the Pokémon Center.Team Rocket, now in a Magikarp submarine, is tracking them, but their submarine gets tangled in seaweed.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 Before the race can begin, however, Team Rocket attacks.	
Team Rocket	group	5	With Team Rocket defeated, the Pokémon Wave Ride begins.	
Orange Crew	region	148	 They want to stop and find somewhere to eat, and Tracey says that they are getting close to Mikan Island, where one of the four Gym Leaders in the Orange Crew is.	
Thunderbolt	move	47	 Pikachu dips his tail in the water and uses a Thunderbolt to shock them, and Blastoise sends them blasting off with Hydro Pump.	
Hydro Pump	move	117	 Pikachu dips his tail in the water and uses a Thunderbolt to shock them, and Blastoise sends them blasting off with Hydro Pump.	
Gym Leader	person	110	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
Mikan Gym	building	85	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Mikan Gym	building	104	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
Water Gun	move	87	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Blastoise	pokemon	73	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Blastoise	pokemon	14	 They capture Blastoise in a net, and head back underwater, but their submarine stalls and their pedals break.	
Blastoise	pokemon	1	 Blastoise is too strong for them and gets back to the surface.	
Blastoise	pokemon	78	 Pikachu dips his tail in the water and uses a Thunderbolt to shock them, and Blastoise sends them blasting off with Hydro Pump.	
Blastoise	pokemon	51	 The wave sends Cissy flying, but she is caught by Blastoise, and then they get ahead of Ash.	
Ice Beam	move	72	 Suddenly a tidal wave comes up behind them, and Lapras freezes it with Ice Beam.	
Ice Beam	move	20	 Ash has Lapras use Ice Beam to make an ice track.	
Magikarp	pokemon	22	Team Rocket, now in a Magikarp submarine, is tracking them, but their submarine gets tangled in seaweed.	
Squirtle	pokemon	120	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 He runs over to it with Pikachu and picks it up, but a bucket of water falls on their heads.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu dips his tail in the water and uses a Thunderbolt to shock them, and Blastoise sends them blasting off with Hydro Pump.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 They talk to Professor Oak at the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Pokémon	pokemon	22	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	With Team Rocket defeated, the Pokémon Wave Ride begins.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 However, Ash and Cissy must stand on their Pokémon's back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	103	Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Lapras	pokemon	34	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding Lapras across the ocean.	
Lapras	pokemon	54	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Lapras	pokemon	90	 During the race, they are evenly matched; however, Ash nearly falls off and is caught by Lapras, but in the process Cissy gets ahead of him and turns around the flag first.	
Lapras	pokemon	49	 Suddenly a tidal wave comes up behind them, and Lapras freezes it with Ice Beam.	
Lapras	pokemon	9	 Ash has Lapras use Ice Beam to make an ice track.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras is faster on ice than in water, and wins the race.	
Lapras	pokemon	63	Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Seadra	pokemon	141	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Meowth	pokemon	59	 He says it was similar to a poorly made for TV movie, and Meowth hits him with a hammer and tells him to stop being so dramatic.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding Lapras across the ocean.	
Tracey	person	50	 They want to stop and find somewhere to eat, and Tracey says that they are getting close to Mikan Island, where one of the four Gym Leaders in the Orange Crew is.	
Tracey	person	29	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Togepi	pokemon	50	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Mikan	region	93	 They want to stop and find somewhere to eat, and Tracey says that they are getting close to Mikan Island, where one of the four Gym Leaders in the Orange Crew is.	
Mikan	region	3	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Mikan	region	85	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Mikan	region	104	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
Senta	person	43	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
James	person	1	 James had to go out and untangle their submarine, and nearly drowned trying to get back to the surface.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding Lapras across the ocean.	
Misty	person	22	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Water	type	87	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Water	type	154	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Badge	item	28	Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Cissy	person	72	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
Cissy	person	133	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Cissy	person	65	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Cissy	person	18	 However, Ash and Cissy must stand on their Pokémon's back.	
Cissy	person	117	 During the race, they are evenly matched; however, Ash nearly falls off and is caught by Lapras, but in the process Cissy gets ahead of him and turns around the flag first.	
Cissy	person	16	 The wave sends Cissy flying, but she is caught by Blastoise, and then they get ahead of Ash.	
Cissy	person	58	 Lapras is faster on ice than in water, and wins the race.Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Gym	building	129	 They want to stop and find somewhere to eat, and Tracey says that they are getting close to Mikan Island, where one of the four Gym Leaders in the Orange Crew is.	
Gym	building	91	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Gym	building	132	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Gym	building	110	 The coconut was a trap set by a boy named Senta, but he is told off by Cissy, his older sister and the Mikan Gym Leader.	
Gym	building	27	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Ash	person	17	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Ash	person	112	On Mikan Island, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi walk along the path and see Mikan Gym up ahead, but as Ash runs toward the Gym, he spots a coconut on the ground next to a tree.	
Ash	person	114	On the Orange Islands, the Gym battles are different from Pokémon battles; First is a Water Gun challenge, where Ash's Squirtle and Cissy's Seadra shoot Water Guns at cans on the wall and flying plates.	
Ash	person	48	To break the tie is a Pokémon Wave Ride, where Ash's Lapras and Cissy's Blastoise will race to a flag, go around it, and race back to shore.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash and Cissy must stand on their Pokémon's back.	
Ash	person	52	 During the race, they are evenly matched; however, Ash nearly falls off and is caught by Lapras, but in the process Cissy gets ahead of him and turns around the flag first.	
Ash	person	89	 The wave sends Cissy flying, but she is caught by Blastoise, and then they get ahead of Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has Lapras use Ice Beam to make an ice track.	
Ash	person	12	Cissy gives Ash a Coral-Eye Badge, and he and his friends ride Lapras off the island, continuing their Pokémon journey.	
Oak	person	24	 They talk to Professor Oak at the Pokémon Center.	
