Mandarin Island	region	91	Continuing their adventures in the Orange Islands, Ash and his friends have stopped off at Mandarin Island.	
Mandarin Island	region	104	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Mandarin Island	region	138	 Butch and Cassidy explain that they have Drowzee hooked up to an antenna which strengthens and broadcasts it's hypnotic power all across Mandarin Island, which has allowed them to take control of all the Pokémon on the island.	
Mandarin Island	region	68	 They refuse, saying that with the help of Drowzee, the Pokémon on Mandarin Island will do whatever they want them to do.	
Mandarin Island	region	26	 Ash and friends then bid Mandarin Island farewell and head off on their next adventure.	
Pokémon Center	building	62	Jessie and James are later found unconscious and taken to the Pokémon Center.	
Orange Islands	region	35	Continuing their adventures in the Orange Islands, Ash and his friends have stopped off at Mandarin Island.	
Officer Jenny	person	23	 When the dust clears, Officer Jenny has arrived, but the Pokémon are gone.	
Officer Jenny	person	33	 When they awaken, they are with Officer Jenny, Ash and the others.	
ThunderShock	move	28	 Pikachu launches a massive ThunderShock, which strikes not only Ash, but the machine as well.	
Psychic-type	move	44	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
Psychic-type	move	8	 As the Psychic-type begins moving its fingers backwards and forwards Tracey comments this is trouble, as they don't know what move it will use.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket has arrived on the island.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket follows Meowth, and end up in a large room.	
Victreebel	pokemon	72	Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Victreebel	pokemon	7	 While Victreebel bites on his head, Butch snaps his fingers.	
Magnemite	pokemon	90	 After recalling Lapras, the trio hear a commotion, and notice a Grimer, Voltorb and four Magnemite attacking their Trainers.	
Lickitung	pokemon	27	Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Metronome	move	196	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Metronome	move	47	 At the same time, nobody notices Togepi using Metronome as well.	
Metronome	move	32	 Many attribute it to Drowzee's Metronome having backfired on itself.	
the Boss	person	124	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Hypnosis	move	70	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
Hypnosis	move	70	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Cassidy	person	39	 As they get up, they notice Butch and Cassidy looking at them.	
Cassidy	person	45	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Cassidy	person	68	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.	
Cassidy	person	11	 Butch and Cassidy explain that they have Drowzee hooked up to an antenna which strengthens and broadcasts it's hypnotic power all across Mandarin Island, which has allowed them to take control of all the Pokémon on the island.	
Cassidy	person	48	 After explaining that they witnessed Butch and Cassidy with all the stolen Pokémon, Ash tries to convince them to infiltrate their base again.	
Cassidy	person	49	Looking through a surveillance camera, Butch and Cassidy see Jessie and James roll a large cart up to the entrance of their headquarters.	
Cassidy	person	11	 Butch and Cassidy are skeptical, but let the duo in anyway.	
Cassidy	person	68	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Cassidy	person	20	 However, Butch and Cassidy refuse to let Ash and the others leave.	
Cassidy	person	26	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Cassidy	person	55	 When it completes the move, an explosion sends Butch, Cassidy and Drowzee flying, and their headquarters destroyed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 However, as Pikachu approaches, he stops.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 When Ash inquires as to what is wrong, Pikachu just glares at his master.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	88	 They present proof by showing all the Pokémon they have stolen so far, which includes Pikachu, Togepi and Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	 After Pikachu shocks him, he gets up, taunting Pikachu into launching another attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	48	 After Pikachu shocks him, he gets up, taunting Pikachu into launching another attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 This angers Pikachu, who tries again.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Ash keeps dodging the attacks, all while taunting Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	93	 As Gastly starts to weaken, Ash gets in front of the machine controlling Drowzee and taunts Pikachu into giving him everything he's got.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu launches a massive ThunderShock, which strikes not only Ash, but the machine as well.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 Ash, injured and tired, looks up to see Pikachu jump into his arms.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	167	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Psychic	move	44	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
Psychic	move	8	 As the Psychic-type begins moving its fingers backwards and forwards Tracey comments this is trouble, as they don't know what move it will use.	
Voltorb	pokemon	73	 After recalling Lapras, the trio hear a commotion, and notice a Grimer, Voltorb and four Magnemite attacking their Trainers.	
Voltorb	pokemon	56	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Drowzee	pokemon	3	 A Drowzee hooked up to a machine appears.	
Drowzee	pokemon	42	 Butch and Cassidy explain that they have Drowzee hooked up to an antenna which strengthens and broadcasts it's hypnotic power all across Mandarin Island, which has allowed them to take control of all the Pokémon on the island.	
Drowzee	pokemon	43	 They refuse, saying that with the help of Drowzee, the Pokémon on Mandarin Island will do whatever they want them to do.	
Drowzee	pokemon	7	 Using Drowzee, they have all the Pokémon attack the Trainers.	
Drowzee	pokemon	74	 As Gastly starts to weaken, Ash gets in front of the machine controlling Drowzee and taunts Pikachu into giving him everything he's got.	
Drowzee	pokemon	49	 As a result, it overloads and explodes, causing Drowzee to lose control of all the Pokémon.	
Drowzee	pokemon	7	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Drowzee	pokemon	60	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Drowzee	pokemon	184	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Drowzee	pokemon	67	 When it completes the move, an explosion sends Butch, Cassidy and Drowzee flying, and their headquarters destroyed.	
Drowzee	pokemon	22	 Many attribute it to Drowzee's Metronome having backfired on itself.	
Weezing	pokemon	60	Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Trainer	person	68	 Out of nowhere, Togepi jumps out of Misty's arms and glares at its Trainer as well.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	108	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 When the dust clears, Officer Jenny has arrived, but the Pokémon are gone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	At police headquarters, Jenny explains that for some time, Pokémon have all been disobeying their masters.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 The only Pokémon that doesn't appear to be affected by it is a Gastly.	
Pokémon	pokemon	92	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Pokémon	pokemon	39	 They present proof by showing all the Pokémon they have stolen so far, which includes Pikachu, Togepi and Meowth.	
Pokémon	pokemon	49	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.	
Pokémon	pokemon	113	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	205	 Butch and Cassidy explain that they have Drowzee hooked up to an antenna which strengthens and broadcasts it's hypnotic power all across Mandarin Island, which has allowed them to take control of all the Pokémon on the island.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 Having revealed their plan, they decide to get rid of Jessie and James and set their own Pokémon (including Meowth) onto them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	Jessie and James are later found unconscious and taken to the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	76	 After explaining that they witnessed Butch and Cassidy with all the stolen Pokémon, Ash tries to convince them to infiltrate their base again.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 Jessie and James tell the other Rockets that they would like to make peace, and have brought hundreds of Pokémon for them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	87	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 They refuse, saying that with the help of Drowzee, the Pokémon on Mandarin Island will do whatever they want them to do.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Using Drowzee, they have all the Pokémon attack the Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 As a result, it overloads and explodes, causing Drowzee to lose control of all the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	11	 The other Pokémon are released back onto the island, and run off to find their Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	107	 They then decide to use the building's antennae to project Drowzee's Hypnosis and take control of all the Pokémon on the island, but first they need to take care of Pikachu and have Drowzee use Metronome.	
Lapras	pokemon	17	 After recalling Lapras, the trio hear a commotion, and notice a Grimer, Voltorb and four Magnemite attacking their Trainers.	
Jessie	person	7	 While Jessie and James want to go exploring, Meowth becomes angry with them, saying they have important business to do.	
Jessie	person	6	 When Jessie and James ask him what is wrong, he takes off.	
Jessie	person	12	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Jessie	person	87	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Jessie	person	4	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
Jessie	person	55	 Having revealed their plan, they decide to get rid of Jessie and James and set their own Pokémon (including Meowth) onto them.Jessie and James are later found unconscious and taken to the Pokémon Center.	
Jessie	person	128	 Having revealed their plan, they decide to get rid of Jessie and James and set their own Pokémon (including Meowth) onto them.Jessie and James are later found unconscious and taken to the Pokémon Center.	
Jessie	person	19	 Liking this idea, Jessie and James agree to help out.	
Jessie	person	61	Looking through a surveillance camera, Butch and Cassidy see Jessie and James roll a large cart up to the entrance of their headquarters.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James tell the other Rockets that they would like to make peace, and have brought hundreds of Pokémon for them.	
Jessie	person	77	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Meowth	pokemon	46	 While Jessie and James want to go exploring, Meowth becomes angry with them, saying they have important business to do.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Meowth pauses.	
Meowth	pokemon	21	 Team Rocket follows Meowth, and end up in a large room.	
Meowth	pokemon	108	 They present proof by showing all the Pokémon they have stolen so far, which includes Pikachu, Togepi and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	110	 Having revealed their plan, they decide to get rid of Jessie and James and set their own Pokémon (including Meowth) onto them.	
Gastly	pokemon	65	 The only Pokémon that doesn't appear to be affected by it is a Gastly.	
Gastly	pokemon	44	 Jenny explains that she is hoping by using Gastly, they will be able to figure out what is going on.	
Gastly	pokemon	97	 All the electric, fire and water types combine their attacks into a super-powered blast however Gastly protects them from it.	
Gastly	pokemon	4	 As Gastly starts to weaken, Ash gets in front of the machine controlling Drowzee and taunts Pikachu into giving him everything he's got.	
Grimer	pokemon	65	 After recalling Lapras, the trio hear a commotion, and notice a Grimer, Voltorb and four Magnemite attacking their Trainers.	
Tracey	person	31	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Tracey	person	70	 As the Psychic-type begins moving its fingers backwards and forwards Tracey comments this is trouble, as they don't know what move it will use.	
Togepi	pokemon	17	 Out of nowhere, Togepi jumps out of Misty's arms and glares at its Trainer as well.	
Togepi	pokemon	13	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Togepi	pokemon	97	 They present proof by showing all the Pokémon they have stolen so far, which includes Pikachu, Togepi and Meowth.	
Togepi	pokemon	25	Misty happily runs up to Togepi, who, upon seeing her, jumps into her arms.	
Togepi	pokemon	34	 At the same time, nobody notices Togepi using Metronome as well.	
Butch	person	29	 As they get up, they notice Butch and Cassidy looking at them.	
Butch	person	35	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Butch	person	58	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.	
Butch	person	37	 While Victreebel bites on his head, Butch snaps his fingers.	
Butch	person	1	 Butch and Cassidy explain that they have Drowzee hooked up to an antenna which strengthens and broadcasts it's hypnotic power all across Mandarin Island, which has allowed them to take control of all the Pokémon on the island.	
Butch	person	38	 After explaining that they witnessed Butch and Cassidy with all the stolen Pokémon, Ash tries to convince them to infiltrate their base again.	
Butch	person	39	Looking through a surveillance camera, Butch and Cassidy see Jessie and James roll a large cart up to the entrance of their headquarters.	
Butch	person	1	 Butch and Cassidy are skeptical, but let the duo in anyway.	
Butch	person	58	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Butch	person	10	 However, Butch and Cassidy refuse to let Ash and the others leave.	
Butch	person	16	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Butch	person	48	 When it completes the move, an explosion sends Butch, Cassidy and Drowzee flying, and their headquarters destroyed.	
James	person	18	 While Jessie and James want to go exploring, Meowth becomes angry with them, saying they have important business to do.	
James	person	17	 When Jessie and James ask him what is wrong, he takes off.	
James	person	23	 Impressed, Jessie and James decide to steal the Pokémon Butch and Cassidy have taken.	
James	person	44	Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
James	person	15	 As Jessie and James question about it, the Psychic-type begins using Hypnosis, causing all four of the Rocket's Pokémon to turn against them.	
James	person	66	 Having revealed their plan, they decide to get rid of Jessie and James and set their own Pokémon (including Meowth) onto them.	
James	person	11	Jessie and James are later found unconscious and taken to the Pokémon Center.	
James	person	30	 Liking this idea, Jessie and James agree to help out.	
James	person	72	Looking through a surveillance camera, Butch and Cassidy see Jessie and James roll a large cart up to the entrance of their headquarters.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James tell the other Rockets that they would like to make peace, and have brought hundreds of Pokémon for them.	
James	person	88	 Using Drowzee, Butch and Cassidy are able to keep Pikachu at bay as well as Jessie and James's Pokémon.	
Misty	person	37	 Out of nowhere, Togepi jumps out of Misty's arms and glares at its Trainer as well.	
Misty	person	21	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Misty	person	93	 As a result, it overloads and explodes, causing Drowzee to lose control of all the Pokémon.Misty happily runs up to Togepi, who, upon seeing her, jumps into her arms.	
Arbok	pokemon	17	Jessie sends out Arbok and Lickitung, while James sends out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Poké	item	19	 It is filled with Poké Balls.	
Boss	person	128	 After both sides say their motto, Butch and Cassidy explain that they are stealing all the Pokémon on Mandarin Island for the Boss.	
Ash	person	51	Continuing their adventures in the Orange Islands, Ash and his friends have stopped off at Mandarin Island.	
Ash	person	23	 Eager to investigate, Ash and the others run to help.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash inquires as to what is wrong, Pikachu just glares at his master.	
Ash	person	86	 Pikachu and Togepi then join the other Pokémon, while Voltorb explodes, distracting Ash from rescuing his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and the others vow to help as well.	
Ash	person	48	 When they awaken, they are with Officer Jenny, Ash and the others.	
Ash	person	86	 After explaining that they witnessed Butch and Cassidy with all the stolen Pokémon, Ash tries to convince them to infiltrate their base again.	
Ash	person	16	 As they enter, Ash, Misty and Tracey jump out and demand Butch and Cassidy return the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	10	Suddenly, Ash gets an idea.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash keeps dodging the attacks, all while taunting Pikachu.	
Ash	person	34	 Everybody is confused as to what Ash is doing.	
Ash	person	29	 As Gastly starts to weaken, Ash gets in front of the machine controlling Drowzee and taunts Pikachu into giving him everything he's got.	
Ash	person	65	 Pikachu launches a massive ThunderShock, which strikes not only Ash, but the machine as well.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, injured and tired, looks up to see Pikachu jump into his arms.	
Ash	person	42	 However, Butch and Cassidy refuse to let Ash and the others leave.	
Ash	person	38	 They challenge them to a battle, and Ash accepts.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends then bid Mandarin Island farewell and head off on their next adventure.	
