Sunburst Island	region	33	 Ash, Misty and Tracey travel to Sunburst Island, which is famous for its artists and glassblowers.	
Sunburst Island	region	24	 Team Rocket arrives on Sunburst Island as well, and are in awe of the glass shops.	
Orange Islands	region	24	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Crystal Onix	person	157	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Crystal Onix	person	99	 They meet a struggling young shopkeeper named Mateo, who’s seeking inspiration from a Legendary Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	126	 While they're chopping and carrying wood, they overhear the shop owner and another employee mock Mateo for searching for the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	43	 Tracey sends out Venonat to help find the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	34	 Mateo holds up the statue of the Crystal Onix his grandfather sculpted and Venonat scans the image.	
Crystal Onix	person	71	 They fall into a hole Team Rocket had dug  to keep them away from the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	61	 After reciting their motto, Team Rocket run off to find the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	43	 Marill hops out of the water and then the Crystal Onix bursts out.	
Crystal Onix	person	72	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	50	 Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.	
Crystal Onix	person	58	 Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon.	
Crystal Onix	person	31	 Charmeleon uses Ember and the Crystal Onix is engulfed in flames.	
Crystal Onix	person	21	 Mateo stares at the Crystal Onix, who returns his stares.	
Crystal Onix	person	109	 Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix.	
Crystal Onix	person	5	 The Crystal Onix dives back into the water.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket arrives on Sunburst Island as well, and are in awe of the glass shops.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket becomes interested and they leave in search of it.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 They fall into a hole Team Rocket had dug  to keep them away from the Crystal Onix.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 After reciting their motto, Team Rocket run off to find the Crystal Onix.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 Once they get to the opening of the cave, they discover Team Rocket got caught in their own traps.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket shows up, free from their traps.	
Team Rocket	group	28	 Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.	
Victreebel	pokemon	37	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	91	 Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	1	 Charmeleon uses Ember and the Crystal Onix is engulfed in flames.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	29	 Back at his shop, Mateo and Charmeleon are busy making a glass figurine.	
Cloyster	pokemon	18	  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types.	
Cloyster	pokemon	1	 Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash and Misty send out Pikachu and Staryu to counterattack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 Mateo made Ash a lifelike glass sculpture of Pikachu.	
Venonat	pokemon	18	 Tracey sends out Venonat to help find the Crystal Onix.	
Venonat	pokemon	76	 Mateo holds up the statue of the Crystal Onix his grandfather sculpted and Venonat scans the image.	
Venonat	pokemon	30	 Disappointed, Tracey recalls Venonat and sends out Marill.	
Pokémon	pokemon	137	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Having been unable to find this special Pokémon, Ash and his friends decide to help him in his search.	
Marill	pokemon	52	 Disappointed, Tracey recalls Venonat and sends out Marill.	
Marill	pokemon	14	 Tracey plays Marill a recording of Onix's cry and Marill quickly detects something.	
Marill	pokemon	51	 Tracey plays Marill a recording of Onix's cry and Marill quickly detects something.	
Marill	pokemon	1	 Marill leads them to a body of water and points across the water to a small island with a cave.	
Marill	pokemon	1	 Marill dives in this lake, its tail bobbing above the surface.	
Marill	pokemon	1	 Marill hops out of the water and then the Crystal Onix bursts out.	
Lapras	pokemon	46	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James start picking up various pieces and admiring them.	
Jessie	person	47	 Meowth yells at them to knock it off, causing Jessie and James to break the glass items they were holding.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth yells at them to knock it off, causing Jessie and James to break the glass items they were holding.	
Tracey	person	16	 Ash, Misty and Tracey travel to Sunburst Island, which is famous for its artists and glassblowers.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sends out Venonat to help find the Crystal Onix.	
Tracey	person	15	 Disappointed, Tracey recalls Venonat and sends out Marill.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey plays Marill a recording of Onix's cry and Marill quickly detects something.	
Staryu	pokemon	36	 Ash and Misty send out Pikachu and Staryu to counterattack.	
Staryu	pokemon	1	 Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.	
Mateo	person	47	 They meet a struggling young shopkeeper named Mateo, who’s seeking inspiration from a Legendary Crystal Onix.	
Mateo	person	98	 While they're chopping and carrying wood, they overhear the shop owner and another employee mock Mateo for searching for the Crystal Onix.	
Mateo	person	1	 Mateo holds up the statue of the Crystal Onix his grandfather sculpted and Venonat scans the image.	
Mateo	person	2	  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types.	
Mateo	person	75	 Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon.	
Mateo	person	1	 Mateo stares at the Crystal Onix, who returns his stares.	
Mateo	person	18	 Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix.	
Mateo	person	41	 Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix.	
Mateo	person	19	 Back at his shop, Mateo and Charmeleon are busy making a glass figurine.	
Mateo	person	37	 Ash and his friends wave goodbye to Mateo and Marissa.	
Mateo	person	1	 Mateo made Ash a lifelike glass sculpture of Pikachu.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James start picking up various pieces and admiring them.	
James	person	58	 Meowth yells at them to knock it off, causing Jessie and James to break the glass items they were holding.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Ember	move	17	 Charmeleon uses Ember and the Crystal Onix is engulfed in flames.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty and Tracey travel to Sunburst Island, which is famous for its artists and glassblowers.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty refuses to help them and they all enter the cave.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty send out Pikachu and Staryu to counterattack.	
Water	type	74	  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types.	
Arbok	pokemon	27	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	165	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Onix	pokemon	107	 They meet a struggling young shopkeeper named Mateo, who’s seeking inspiration from a Legendary Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	134	 While they're chopping and carrying wood, they overhear the shop owner and another employee mock Mateo for searching for the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	51	 Tracey sends out Venonat to help find the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	42	 Mateo holds up the statue of the Crystal Onix his grandfather sculpted and Venonat scans the image.	
Onix	pokemon	76	 The group is lead to a series of rocks that are shaped like the body of an Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	36	 Tracey plays Marill a recording of Onix's cry and Marill quickly detects something.	
Onix	pokemon	79	 They fall into a hole Team Rocket had dug  to keep them away from the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	69	 After reciting their motto, Team Rocket run off to find the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	51	 Marill hops out of the water and then the Crystal Onix bursts out.	
Onix	pokemon	80	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Victreebel in attempt to catch the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	58	 Staryu and  Pikachu attack Team Rocket, then the Crystal Onix smacks them in to a blast off.	
Onix	pokemon	37	  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types.	
Onix	pokemon	58	  Mateo sends out Cloyster to battle Onix, remarking that Onix is weak to Water types.	
Onix	pokemon	66	 Cloyster's water attacks prove to be useless against the Crystal Onix, so Mateo sends out Charmeleon.	
Onix	pokemon	39	 Charmeleon uses Ember and the Crystal Onix is engulfed in flames.	
Onix	pokemon	29	 Mateo stares at the Crystal Onix, who returns his stares.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix then faints into the water.	
Onix	pokemon	117	 Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	13	 The Crystal Onix dives back into the water.	
Ash	person	54	While riding around the Orange Islands on his Lapras, Ash finds a mysterious message in a bottle that says "If you know anything about a Pokémon called the Crystal Onix, let me know right away," which leads the gang on a new adventure.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty and Tracey travel to Sunburst Island, which is famous for its artists and glassblowers.	
Ash	person	51	 Having been unable to find this special Pokémon, Ash and his friends decide to help him in his search.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends climb out of the hole and set off after them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty send out Pikachu and Staryu to counterattack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls out at Mateo to catch it, but Mateo says he doesn't need to, he has found inspiration through the Crystal Onix.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends wave goodbye to Mateo and Marissa.	
Ash	person	12	 Mateo made Ash a lifelike glass sculpture of Pikachu.	
