Pinkan Berries	item	25	 Jenny explains that the Pinkan Berries turn any Pokémon that eats them a lot, permanently pink.	
Pinkan Island	region	68	 After they regain consciousness, Tracey finds out that they are on Pinkan Island.	
Pinkan Island	region	35	Meanwhile, Jenny is explaining how Pinkan Island is a reserve and that she won't press charges.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny arrives and together they rescue the Rhyhorn.	
Officer Jenny	person	32	 Ash notices Tracey's sketch of Officer Jenny.	
Professor Oak	person	19	 The trio contacts Professor Oak, who knew about the island and its pinkness, and he tells them about the research before Muk gives him a hug.	
ThunderShock	move	45	 They do their motto and Ash has Pikachu use ThunderShock, thus shocking Nidoking.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket, having noticed the Rhyhorn, arrives on the island and see Jigglypuff.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 A Nidoking comes out of the cave and chases Team Rocket away.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is still being chased and attempt to defeat Nidoking, but Jenny and the others appear.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	72	 Team Rocket, having noticed the Rhyhorn, arrives on the island and see Jigglypuff.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	49	 They think it is special until they realize all Jigglypuff are pink.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	9	  Before Jigglypuff can sing its song, they run off into the forest, planning to catch the pink Pokémon and open their own theme park.	
Hyper Beam	move	15	 Nidoking uses Hyper Beam, but Togepi uses Metronome again and creates a Barrier.	
Lickitung	pokemon	53	 They use their Pokémon to catch the pink ones, and Lickitung chases two Pink Nidoran into a cave, and runs straight back out frightened.	
Metronome	move	88	 The team is cornered by the edge of the cliffs, and in order to save them, Togepi uses Metronome and Teleports them away.	
Metronome	move	43	 Nidoking uses Hyper Beam, but Togepi uses Metronome again and creates a Barrier.	
Nidoking	pokemon	3	 A Nidoking comes out of the cave and chases Team Rocket away.	
Nidoking	pokemon	57	 Team Rocket is still being chased and attempt to defeat Nidoking, but Jenny and the others appear.	
Nidoking	pokemon	73	 They do their motto and Ash has Pikachu use ThunderShock, thus shocking Nidoking.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking throws the Rocket Pokémon at their owners and they blast off.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking chases the trio and Jenny, and both Psyduck and Marill attempt to battle him, but ultimately run off scared.	
Nidoking	pokemon	56	 Pikachu tries to shock him, but Jenny informs Ash that Nidoking is on a rampage and cannot be stopped.	
Nidoking	pokemon	1	 Nidoking uses Hyper Beam, but Togepi uses Metronome again and creates a Barrier.	
Nidoking	pokemon	13	 She engages Nidoking and lassos him, and Nidoking drops to the ground dizzy.	
Nidoking	pokemon	42	 She engages Nidoking and lassos him, and Nidoking drops to the ground dizzy.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	38	 They climb the cliffs and see a pink Rhyhorn.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	125	 Tracey decides to observe and sketch it, and Ash, in order to prove to Misty that he knows what he's doing, races up to the Rhyhorn, who promptly knocks him away.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	5	 The Rhyhorn goes over the cliff and the team wonders how they escaped.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	52	 Officer Jenny arrives and together they rescue the Rhyhorn.	
Rhyhorn	pokemon	33	 Team Rocket, having noticed the Rhyhorn, arrives on the island and see Jigglypuff.	
Pikachu	pokemon	68	 Ash runs over to Tracey, and the two boys head for where Misty and Pikachu are.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 They do their motto and Ash has Pikachu use ThunderShock, thus shocking Nidoking.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to shock him, but Jenny informs Ash that Nidoking is on a rampage and cannot be stopped.	
Psyduck	pokemon	46	 Nidoking chases the trio and Jenny, and both Psyduck and Marill attempt to battle him, but ultimately run off scared.	
Barrier	move	73	 Nidoking uses Hyper Beam, but Togepi uses Metronome again and creates a Barrier.	
Pokémon	pokemon	49	 Jenny explains that the Pinkan Berries turn any Pokémon that eats them a lot, permanently pink.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	  Before Jigglypuff can sing its song, they run off into the forest, planning to catch the pink Pokémon and open their own theme park.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 They use their Pokémon to catch the pink ones, and Lickitung chases two Pink Nidoran into a cave, and runs straight back out frightened.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Nidoking throws the Rocket Pokémon at their owners and they blast off.	
Marill	pokemon	58	 Nidoking chases the trio and Jenny, and both Psyduck and Marill attempt to battle him, but ultimately run off scared.	
Lapras	pokemon	19	While traveling on Lapras, Ash and his friends are caught in a whirlpool.	
Tracey	person	34	 After they regain consciousness, Tracey finds out that they are on Pinkan Island.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey decides to observe and sketch it, and Ash, in order to prove to Misty that he knows what he's doing, races up to the Rhyhorn, who promptly knocks him away.	
Tracey	person	18	 Ash runs over to Tracey, and the two boys head for where Misty and Pikachu are.	
Tracey	person	9	 Ash and Tracey laugh at her suggestion of Togepi attacking.	
Tracey	person	13	 Ash notices Tracey's sketch of Officer Jenny.	
Pinkan	region	68	 After they regain consciousness, Tracey finds out that they are on Pinkan Island.	
Pinkan	region	25	 Jenny explains that the Pinkan Berries turn any Pokémon that eats them a lot, permanently pink.	
Pinkan	region	35	Meanwhile, Jenny is explaining how Pinkan Island is a reserve and that she won't press charges.	
Togepi	pokemon	76	 The team is cornered by the edge of the cliffs, and in order to save them, Togepi uses Metronome and Teleports them away.	
Togepi	pokemon	31	 Nidoking uses Hyper Beam, but Togepi uses Metronome again and creates a Barrier.	
Togepi	pokemon	71	 Jenny drops the team off beyond the whirlpools and Misty contemplates Togepi's actions.	
Togepi	pokemon	43	 Ash and Tracey laugh at her suggestion of Togepi attacking.	
Togepi	pokemon	23	 Misty attempts to get Togepi to attack, but is unsuccessful.	
Misty	person	72	 Tracey decides to observe and sketch it, and Ash, in order to prove to Misty that he knows what he's doing, races up to the Rhyhorn, who promptly knocks him away.	
Misty	person	58	 Ash runs over to Tracey, and the two boys head for where Misty and Pikachu are.	
Misty	person	52	 Jenny drops the team off beyond the whirlpools and Misty contemplates Togepi's actions.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty attempts to get Togepi to attack, but is unsuccessful.	
Ash	person	27	While traveling on Lapras, Ash and his friends are caught in a whirlpool.	
Ash	person	46	 Tracey decides to observe and sketch it, and Ash, in order to prove to Misty that he knows what he's doing, races up to the Rhyhorn, who promptly knocks him away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs over to Tracey, and the two boys head for where Misty and Pikachu are.	
Ash	person	25	 They do their motto and Ash has Pikachu use ThunderShock, thus shocking Nidoking.	
Ash	person	47	 Pikachu tries to shock him, but Jenny informs Ash that Nidoking is on a rampage and cannot be stopped.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Tracey laugh at her suggestion of Togepi attacking.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices Tracey's sketch of Officer Jenny.	
Oak	person	29	 The trio contacts Professor Oak, who knew about the island and its pinkness, and he tells them about the research before Muk gives him a hug.	
Muk	pokemon	122	 The trio contacts Professor Oak, who knew about the island and its pinkness, and he tells them about the research before Muk gives him a hug.	
