Fukuhara Island No. 4	region	48	Aboard Lapras, the group follows a news crew to Fukuhara Island No. 4, where a scientific expedition is underway after the discovery of a fossilized Kabuto.	
Team Rocket	group	10	Meanwhile Team Rocket have been watching the whole scene from their Magikarp submarine, at which Jessie says that she wonders why a television crew would be on the island, which then prompts Meowth into saying that if they hurry up and catch Pikachu, they can then maybe catch some face time too.	
Team Rocket	group	10	After the Team Rocket scene the show cuts to Nurse Joy leading a group of explorers, the news crew, and Ash's group to the digging site.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 At the same time Team Rocket is shown following the same path on a lower section of the cliff.	
Team Rocket	group	19	 Unfortunately for Team Rocket, the boulder then rolls off the side of the cliff and hits James on the lower level of the cliff into what looks like a canyon.	
Team Rocket	group	52	 Suddenly the cave starts to crumble only to reveal Team Rocket, who plan to steal all the Kabuto fossils for themselves.	
Team Rocket	group	44	 The fossils then explode off the wall, and Team Rocket wraps them up in a net and tries to get away with their hot air balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	98	 The Kabuto then end up coming to life as the light of the moon hits them and one ends up popping Team Rocket's balloon which leads to them blasting away.	
Horn Drill	move	42	 Luckily Nurse Joy commands Rhydon to use Horn Drill on the crashing boulders and once again the team is saved.	
Growlithe	pokemon	12	 A group of Growlithe also accompany the team to possibly find the scent of the Kabuto.	
Growlithe	pokemon	34	 As Nurse Joy's team moves on the Growlithe start to growl at a large boulder on a hill at which Nurse Joy dismisses.	
Nurse Joy	person	67	 While on the island Ash and the gang are shocked to find out that Nurse Joy is the director of the Kabuto excursion.	
Nurse Joy	person	20	 While listening to Nurse Joy being interviewed by a news reporter they find out that the reason why the crew has come out to the island is to study the habitat of the extinct Pokémon Kabuto.	
Nurse Joy	person	45	After the Team Rocket scene the show cuts to Nurse Joy leading a group of explorers, the news crew, and Ash's group to the digging site.	
Nurse Joy	person	4	 As Nurse Joy's team moves on the Growlithe start to growl at a large boulder on a hill at which Nurse Joy dismisses.	
Nurse Joy	person	97	 As Nurse Joy's team moves on the Growlithe start to growl at a large boulder on a hill at which Nurse Joy dismisses.	
Nurse Joy	person	59	 While the group is running down the hill, Ash mentions to Nurse Joy to use the Machoke; she agrees and tells them to stop the rock.	
Nurse Joy	person	9	 Luckily Nurse Joy commands Rhydon to use Horn Drill on the crashing boulders and once again the team is saved.	
Fukuhara	region	48	Aboard Lapras, the group follows a news crew to Fukuhara Island No.	
Magikarp	pokemon	68	Meanwhile Team Rocket have been watching the whole scene from their Magikarp submarine, at which Jessie says that she wonders why a television crew would be on the island, which then prompts Meowth into saying that if they hurry up and catch Pikachu, they can then maybe catch some face time too.	
Squirtle	pokemon	81	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
Goldeen	pokemon	128	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
Machoke	pokemon	7	 While Machoke are seen carrying some equipment, along with Rhydon for drilling holes.	
Machoke	pokemon	80	 While the group is running down the hill, Ash mentions to Nurse Joy to use the Machoke; she agrees and tells them to stop the rock.	
Machoke	pokemon	53	" Right away the crew gets down to digging with some Machoke and Rhydon pitching in.	
Pikachu	pokemon	242	Meanwhile Team Rocket have been watching the whole scene from their Magikarp submarine, at which Jessie says that she wonders why a television crew would be on the island, which then prompts Meowth into saying that if they hurry up and catch Pikachu, they can then maybe catch some face time too.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu catches a glimpse and looks over which catches Ash's attention.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 After not seeing anything Ash says, "Nothing there Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 As Ash, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi dig, a bunch of boulders start falling down from the top of the cliffs onto them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	93	 Just as he says that a dark silhouette of a man is seen running from behind a tree at which Pikachu notices and starts chasing after him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	176	 While listening to Nurse Joy being interviewed by a news reporter they find out that the reason why the crew has come out to the island is to study the habitat of the extinct Pokémon Kabuto.	
Lapras	pokemon	7	Aboard Lapras, the group follows a news crew to Fukuhara Island No.	
Lapras	pokemon	70	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
Rhydon	pokemon	60	 While Machoke are seen carrying some equipment, along with Rhydon for drilling holes.	
Rhydon	pokemon	65	" Right away the crew gets down to digging with some Machoke and Rhydon pitching in.	
Rhydon	pokemon	28	 Luckily Nurse Joy commands Rhydon to use Horn Drill on the crashing boulders and once again the team is saved.	
Jessie	person	97	Meanwhile Team Rocket have been watching the whole scene from their Magikarp submarine, at which Jessie says that she wonders why a television crew would be on the island, which then prompts Meowth into saying that if they hurry up and catch Pikachu, they can then maybe catch some face time too.	
Kabuto	pokemon	82	 4, where a scientific expedition is underway after the discovery of a fossilized Kabuto.	
Kabuto	pokemon	100	 While on the island Ash and the gang are shocked to find out that Nurse Joy is the director of the Kabuto excursion.	
Kabuto	pokemon	185	 While listening to Nurse Joy being interviewed by a news reporter they find out that the reason why the crew has come out to the island is to study the habitat of the extinct Pokémon Kabuto.	
Kabuto	pokemon	71	 She also remarks that they would like to find out if the claims about Kabuto oil are true or not.	
Kabuto	pokemon	80	 A group of Growlithe also accompany the team to possibly find the scent of the Kabuto.	
Kabuto	pokemon	103	 He then tells of an ancient prophecy which implies that anyone who comes to the island to disturb the Kabuto will cause the island to be swallowed by the sea.	
Kabuto	pokemon	91	 At that moment, an explorer comes running into the forest, ecstatic to have found another Kabuto fossil.	
Kabuto	pokemon	56	 When they get to the end of the cave they find tons of Kabuto fossils on the walls.	
Kabuto	pokemon	91	 Suddenly the cave starts to crumble only to reveal Team Rocket, who plan to steal all the Kabuto fossils for themselves.	
Kabuto	pokemon	100	 James then throws a bomb that gets passed around until Ash catches it and throws it at the wall of Kabuto Fossils.	
Kabuto	pokemon	5	 The Kabuto then end up coming to life as the light of the moon hits them and one ends up popping Team Rocket's balloon which leads to them blasting away.	
Kabuto	pokemon	28	 Joy remarks that maybe the Kabuto oil does cause them to live forever.	
Kabuto	pokemon	138	 She then apologizes to the man for not believing him, and the news reporter says that she thinks it's best that no one ever find out the Kabuto's secret.	
Kabuto	pokemon	17	 At the end, the Kabuto are seen swimming towards the moonlight, looking for a new safe home.	
Meowth	pokemon	191	Meanwhile Team Rocket have been watching the whole scene from their Magikarp submarine, at which Jessie says that she wonders why a television crew would be on the island, which then prompts Meowth into saying that if they hurry up and catch Pikachu, they can then maybe catch some face time too.	
Tracey	person	36	 After hearing all of this, Ash and Tracey jump in front of the reporter's camera and ask if they can help with the fossil digging.	
Tracey	person	9	 As Ash, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi dig, a bunch of boulders start falling down from the top of the cliffs onto them.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey brings up the point that the island is supposed to be deserted and that can't possibly be true.	
Togepi	pokemon	30	 As Ash, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi dig, a bunch of boulders start falling down from the top of the cliffs onto them.	
Staryu	pokemon	117	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
James	person	90	 Unfortunately for Team Rocket, the boulder then rolls off the side of the cliff and hits James on the lower level of the cliff into what looks like a canyon.	
James	person	1	 James then throws a bomb that gets passed around until Ash catches it and throws it at the wall of Kabuto Fossils.	
Misty	person	83	 A moment later, Ash looks into the camera and makes a scene, which in turn causes Misty to grab him while yelling at him for embarrassing them.	
Misty	person	48	 They eventually reach a small cliff path which Misty is very uneasy about because of the height.	
Misty	person	42	After the second near boulder catastrophe Misty mentions that she thinks all these accidents aren't really accidents — that maybe someone else is causing all these bad things to happen.	
Misty	person	97	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
Ash	person	21	 While on the island Ash and the gang are shocked to find out that Nurse Joy is the director of the Kabuto excursion.	
Ash	person	28	 After hearing all of this, Ash and Tracey jump in front of the reporter's camera and ask if they can help with the fossil digging.	
Ash	person	17	 A moment later, Ash looks into the camera and makes a scene, which in turn causes Misty to grab him while yelling at him for embarrassing them.	
Ash	person	104	After the Team Rocket scene the show cuts to Nurse Joy leading a group of explorers, the news crew, and Ash's group to the digging site.	
Ash	person	43	 While the group is running down the hill, Ash mentions to Nurse Joy to use the Machoke; she agrees and tells them to stop the rock.	
Ash	person	56	 Pikachu catches a glimpse and looks over which catches Ash's attention.	
Ash	person	27	 After not seeing anything Ash says, "Nothing there Pikachu.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi dig, a bunch of boulders start falling down from the top of the cliffs onto them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash follows suit and ends up jumping on the man, bringing them both to the ground.	
Ash	person	56	 James then throws a bomb that gets passed around until Ash catches it and throws it at the wall of Kabuto Fossils.	
Ash	person	52	 As the island sinks they all jump on the raft, and Ash sends out his Lapras and Squirtle, while Misty sends out her Staryu and Goldeen to help pull the raft.	
