Magikarp Submarine	item	60	 As the boat keeps on sailing, Team Rocket is seen in their Magikarp Submarine plotting on how to steal the performing Pokémon.	
Orange Archipelago	region	46	Ash, Misty, and Tracey continue exploring the Orange Archipelago when they stumble upon a floating theater where all the actors, singers, and dancers are Pokémon.	
Smokescreen	move	71	 Jessie takes over the command, sends out Weezing and orders it to use Smokescreen;  which chokes everyone on the ship, except for Ash and friends who break free from the ropes.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 As the boat keeps on sailing, Team Rocket is seen in their Magikarp Submarine plotting on how to steal the performing Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Just then Team Rocket fires two torpedoes at the boat which sends Raichu flying into Kay's arms.	
Team Rocket	group	119	 Raichu starts to shock Kay and Kay reassures Raichu that it's okay and that she isn't afraid of being shocked anymore.Team Rocket then appears aboard the boat.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 Everyone on the boat is then seen tied up on the lower deck by Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then leaves them to go and steal the performing Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	122	 The voice actors end up getting up with the ropes still around them and cause a distraction by voicing over the Pokémon Team Rocket is trying to steal, which they fall for as the Pokémon really being able to talk.	
Team Rocket	group	82	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 Kay then teams up with her Raichu and uses Mega Punch to blast Team Rocket off the boat.	
Team Rocket	group	120	 Just then Kay runs out of the boat and tells Ash that Roger can't perform in the show because he's lost his voice from Team Rocket's SmokeScreen earlier.	
SmokeScreen	move	134	 Just then Kay runs out of the boat and tells Ash that Roger can't perform in the show because he's lost his voice from Team Rocket's SmokeScreen earlier.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	59	 All the Pokémon in the show can talk which consists of a Hitmonchan fighting a Machoke in a boxing ring for a Clefable, with an Abra as the referee.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	1	 Hitmonchan shows a frightening face towards Meowth and James, who express their wishes to get along.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	38	 Upon noticing Roger's eye movements, Hitmonchan pretended to agree with James, but suddenly punches him back.	
Hitmonchan	pokemon	1	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
Mega Punch	move	44	 Kay then teams up with her Raichu and uses Mega Punch to blast Team Rocket off the boat.	
Victreebel	pokemon	95	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
Fire Punch	move	17	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
Submarine	item	69	 As the boat keeps on sailing, Team Rocket is seen in their Magikarp Submarine plotting on how to steal the performing Pokémon.	
Clefable	pokemon	112	 All the Pokémon in the show can talk which consists of a Hitmonchan fighting a Machoke in a boxing ring for a Clefable, with an Abra as the referee.	
Magikarp	pokemon	60	 As the boat keeps on sailing, Team Rocket is seen in their Magikarp Submarine plotting on how to steal the performing Pokémon.	
Machoke	pokemon	81	 All the Pokémon in the show can talk which consists of a Hitmonchan fighting a Machoke in a boxing ring for a Clefable, with an Abra as the referee.	
Pikachu	pokemon	99	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 Ash and his Pikachu then end up volunteering to help out in the show while Tracey's and Misty's Pokémon can both also be seen performing in the show, as well.	
Weezing	pokemon	42	 Jessie takes over the command, sends out Weezing and orders it to use Smokescreen;  which chokes everyone on the ship, except for Ash and friends who break free from the ropes.	
Weezing	pokemon	18	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Pokémon	pokemon	154	Ash, Misty, and Tracey continue exploring the Orange Archipelago when they stumble upon a floating theater where all the actors, singers, and dancers are Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	9	 All the Pokémon in the show can talk which consists of a Hitmonchan fighting a Machoke in a boxing ring for a Clefable, with an Abra as the referee.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 As the show comes to an end, Ash says that he guesses there are more Pokémon than just Meowth who can talk.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 When they finally catch up to Togepi, they find out that the Pokémon in the performance weren't really talking.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 As the performance ends with the Pokémon dancing on stage, a man comes out and asks Kay to have her Raichu come out to the stage and dance with the other Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	156	 As the performance ends with the Pokémon dancing on stage, a man comes out and asks Kay to have her Raichu come out to the stage and dance with the other Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	119	 As the boat keeps on sailing, Team Rocket is seen in their Magikarp Submarine plotting on how to steal the performing Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	Back on the floating theater Ash is trying to teach Kay how to get along with her Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Team Rocket then leaves them to go and steal the performing Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Meowth told the performing Pokémon that he is their boss; he notices Raichu crying and threatens it not to do so, only to get shocked instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	113	 The voice actors end up getting up with the ropes still around them and cause a distraction by voicing over the Pokémon Team Rocket is trying to steal, which they fall for as the Pokémon really being able to talk.	
Pokémon	pokemon	181	 The voice actors end up getting up with the ropes still around them and cause a distraction by voicing over the Pokémon Team Rocket is trying to steal, which they fall for as the Pokémon really being able to talk.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 Ash and his Pikachu then end up volunteering to help out in the show while Tracey's and Misty's Pokémon can both also be seen performing in the show, as well.	
Marill	pokemon	111	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie takes over the command, sends out Weezing and orders it to use Smokescreen;  which chokes everyone on the ship, except for Ash and friends who break free from the ropes.	
Meowth	pokemon	89	 As the show comes to an end, Ash says that he guesses there are more Pokémon than just Meowth who can talk.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth told the performing Pokémon that he is their boss; he notices Raichu crying and threatens it not to do so, only to get shocked instead.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Hitmonchan shows a frightening face towards Meowth and James, who express their wishes to get along.	
Raichu	pokemon	102	 As the performance ends with the Pokémon dancing on stage, a man comes out and asks Kay to have her Raichu come out to the stage and dance with the other Pokémon.	
Raichu	pokemon	1	 Raichu then appears from out behind a box and when Kay asks Raichu to perform it just sits there sadly and refuses.	
Raichu	pokemon	61	 Raichu then appears from out behind a box and when Kay asks Raichu to perform it just sits there sadly and refuses.	
Raichu	pokemon	98	 He then says that he would like Ash to teach  Kay some pointers on how to become closer with her Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	53	 Ash asks Kay to show him a performance with her and Raichu, which she does, but Raichu continues to do nothing.	
Raichu	pokemon	81	 Ash asks Kay to show him a performance with her and Raichu, which she does, but Raichu continues to do nothing.	
Raichu	pokemon	24	 Ash then tries to give Raichu some words of encouragement, but ends up getting shocked in the process.	
Raichu	pokemon	106	Later on Kay is standing on the deck of the boat looking at the water when Ash tries to talk to her about Raichu.	
Raichu	pokemon	39	 Kay then explains that the reason why Raichu won't perform is her fault.	
Raichu	pokemon	28	 She tells the story of how Raichu shocked her, out of happiness and excitement, when they first met, which caused Kay to throw Raichu off her.	
Raichu	pokemon	128	 She tells the story of how Raichu shocked her, out of happiness and excitement, when they first met, which caused Kay to throw Raichu off her.	
Raichu	pokemon	22	 Because of that day, Raichu is now too nervous to perform with Kay anymore because it can sense Kay's fears of being shocked again.	
Raichu	pokemon	67	 Just then Team Rocket fires two torpedoes at the boat which sends Raichu flying into Kay's arms.	
Raichu	pokemon	1	 Raichu starts to shock Kay and Kay reassures Raichu that it's okay and that she isn't afraid of being shocked anymore.	
Raichu	pokemon	46	 Raichu starts to shock Kay and Kay reassures Raichu that it's okay and that she isn't afraid of being shocked anymore.	
Raichu	pokemon	71	 Meowth told the performing Pokémon that he is their boss; he notices Raichu crying and threatens it not to do so, only to get shocked instead.	
Raichu	pokemon	28	 Kay then teams up with her Raichu and uses Mega Punch to blast Team Rocket off the boat.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey continue exploring the Orange Archipelago when they stumble upon a floating theater where all the actors, singers, and dancers are Pokémon.	
Tracey	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey see this and run after Togepi.	
Tracey	person	59	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Tracey	person	76	 Ash and his Pikachu then end up volunteering to help out in the show while Tracey's and Misty's Pokémon can both also be seen performing in the show, as well.	
Togepi	pokemon	18	 At the same time Togepi ends up wandering off and walks behind the stage.	
Togepi	pokemon	47	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey see this and run after Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	31	 When they finally catch up to Togepi, they find out that the Pokémon in the performance weren't really talking.	
James	person	56	 Hitmonchan shows a frightening face towards Meowth and James, who express their wishes to get along.	
James	person	73	 Upon noticing Roger's eye movements, Hitmonchan pretended to agree with James, but suddenly punches him back.	
James	person	38	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
James	person	64	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
James	person	1	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey continue exploring the Orange Archipelago when they stumble upon a floating theater where all the actors, singers, and dancers are Pokémon.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey see this and run after Togepi.	
Misty	person	89	 Ash and his Pikachu then end up volunteering to help out in the show while Tracey's and Misty's Pokémon can both also be seen performing in the show, as well.	
Roger	person	42	 Ash thanks one of the voice actors named Roger for taking them along and asks if there is anything they could do for him in return for the ride.	
Roger	person	29	 Ash tries to stop them, but Roger insists to do what they say because they don't want the boat to be destroyed since it is their livelihood.	
Roger	person	15	 Upon noticing Roger's eye movements, Hitmonchan pretended to agree with James, but suddenly punches him back.	
Roger	person	55	 Just then Kay runs out of the boat and tells Ash that Roger can't perform in the show because he's lost his voice from Team Rocket's SmokeScreen earlier.	
Roger	person	31	 Kay volunteers to fill in for Roger in the performance.	
Fire	type	17	 Hitmonchan uses Fire Punch and burns James' face, which angers James further and he sends out Victreebel, only for him to get devoured by it.	
Abra	pokemon	130	 All the Pokémon in the show can talk which consists of a Hitmonchan fighting a Machoke in a boxing ring for a Clefable, with an Abra as the referee.	
Kay	person	49	 As they watch from behind a young actress named Kay appears and yells at them to be quiet.	
Kay	person	86	 As the performance ends with the Pokémon dancing on stage, a man comes out and asks Kay to have her Raichu come out to the stage and dance with the other Pokémon.	
Kay	person	52	 Raichu then appears from out behind a box and when Kay asks Raichu to perform it just sits there sadly and refuses.	
Kay	person	47	 He then says that he would like Ash to teach  Kay some pointers on how to become closer with her Raichu.	
Kay	person	52	Back on the floating theater Ash is trying to teach Kay how to get along with her Pokémon.	
Kay	person	10	 Ash asks Kay to show him a performance with her and Raichu, which she does, but Raichu continues to do nothing.	
Kay	person	9	Later on Kay is standing on the deck of the boat looking at the water when Ash tries to talk to her about Raichu.	
Kay	person	1	 Kay then explains that the reason why Raichu won't perform is her fault.	
Kay	person	115	 She tells the story of how Raichu shocked her, out of happiness and excitement, when they first met, which caused Kay to throw Raichu off her.	
Kay	person	64	 Because of that day, Raichu is now too nervous to perform with Kay anymore because it can sense Kay's fears of being shocked again.	
Kay	person	97	 Because of that day, Raichu is now too nervous to perform with Kay anymore because it can sense Kay's fears of being shocked again.	
Kay	person	86	 Just then Team Rocket fires two torpedoes at the boat which sends Raichu flying into Kay's arms.	
Kay	person	24	 Raichu starts to shock Kay and Kay reassures Raichu that it's okay and that she isn't afraid of being shocked anymore.	
Kay	person	32	 Raichu starts to shock Kay and Kay reassures Raichu that it's okay and that she isn't afraid of being shocked anymore.	
Kay	person	1	 Kay then teams up with her Raichu and uses Mega Punch to blast Team Rocket off the boat.	
Kay	person	11	 Just then Kay runs out of the boat and tells Ash that Roger can't perform in the show because he's lost his voice from Team Rocket's SmokeScreen earlier.	
Kay	person	1	 Kay volunteers to fill in for Roger in the performance.	
Ash	person	30	 As the show comes to an end, Ash says that he guesses there are more Pokémon than just Meowth who can talk.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey see this and run after Togepi.	
Ash	person	34	 The voice actors of the show and Ash's crew are then seen sailing on the floating theater to the next island.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thanks one of the voice actors named Roger for taking them along and asks if there is anything they could do for him in return for the ride.	
Ash	person	33	 He then says that he would like Ash to teach  Kay some pointers on how to become closer with her Raichu.	
Ash	person	29	Back on the floating theater Ash is trying to teach Kay how to get along with her Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Kay to show him a performance with her and Raichu, which she does, but Raichu continues to do nothing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then tries to give Raichu some words of encouragement, but ends up getting shocked in the process.	
Ash	person	75	Later on Kay is standing on the deck of the boat looking at the water when Ash tries to talk to her about Raichu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to stop them, but Roger insists to do what they say because they don't want the boat to be destroyed since it is their livelihood.	
Ash	person	131	 Jessie takes over the command, sends out Weezing and orders it to use Smokescreen;  which chokes everyone on the ship, except for Ash and friends who break free from the ropes.	
Ash	person	51	 James calls back Weezing and the smoke disperses; Ash and Tracey appears to stop Team Rocket with Pikachu and Marill.	
Ash	person	67	As the boat stops at another island and prepares for the next show Ash is seen talking to Oak on the telephone about the floating theater.	
Ash	person	46	 Just then Kay runs out of the boat and tells Ash that Roger can't perform in the show because he's lost his voice from Team Rocket's SmokeScreen earlier.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his Pikachu then end up volunteering to help out in the show while Tracey's and Misty's Pokémon can both also be seen performing in the show, as well.	
Oak	person	90	As the boat stops at another island and prepares for the next show Ash is seen talking to Oak on the telephone about the floating theater.	
