Pokémon Trainer	person	90	 Marina then suggests that they battle each other to see which is the most powerful water Pokémon Trainer, to which Misty agrees.	
Misty's Psyduck	pokemon	17	 One of these is Misty's Psyduck who (asleep) falls off.	
Kinnow Island	region	50	Ash, Misty, and Tracey have stopped on an island (Kinnow Island) to rest.	
Poison Sting	move	43	 Unfortunately, Tentacruel stabs it with a Poison Sting.	
Poison Sting	move	19	 It blocks Arbok's Poison Sting with a Disable, then slams it into the air with a Psychic.	
Light Screen	move	55	 Golduck sends out a Hyper Beam, and Starmie creates a Light Screen to block it.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket peers at the shore through the periscope of the Magikarp submarine.	
Team Rocket	group	3	As Team Rocket watches, the battle between Misty and Marina begins.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 Golduck jumps in, too, and quickly overtakes Marina's Pokémon.Team Rocket argues amongst themselves about whose idea it was to attack, and Golduck jumps out of the water.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket moves to attack it, but they are thrown onto the beach by Golduck's Psychic abilities.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket crawls out of the sub and recites their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket runs back into their sub, but Golduck destroys it with a Hyper Beam.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is thrown into the air and blast off once again.	
Horn Attack	move	67	 Using Agility, Goldeen dodges Tentacruel's Wrap, and lunges for a Horn Attack.	
Hyper Beam	move	70	 Team Rocket runs back into their sub, but Golduck destroys it with a Hyper Beam.	
Hyper Beam	move	21	 Golduck sends out a Hyper Beam, and Starmie creates a Light Screen to block it.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	37	 Nearby, a girl is fishing while her Tentacruel swims about.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	19	 The girl with the Tentacruel rows over and asks them if the Psyduck she found is theirs.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	13	 Marina uses Tentacruel and Misty sends out her Goldeen.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	31	 Using Agility, Goldeen dodges Tentacruel's Wrap, and lunges for a Horn Attack.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	16	 Unfortunately, Tentacruel stabs it with a Poison Sting.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	57	 It is as powerful as it is good-looking, and it defeats Tentacruel with a single Swift attack.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	127	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	40	 As the sub burns, Marina yells out for Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Water-type	type	56	 Misty is horrified and they send out the rest of their Water-type Pokémon to help look for it.	
Confusion	move	53	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Confusion	move	14	 Psyduck uses Confusion, and a wave races at Misty.	
Poké Ball	item	20	 Misty tosses out a Poké Ball to use her Psyduck, but it falls into the water empty.	
Poké Ball	item	47	 Embarrassed, Misty tells Ash to get Psyduck's Poké Ball for her, but he can't tell which one it is.	
Poké Ball	item	24	 Misty then holds out a Poké Ball and tells Golduck to take a rest, but Psyduck pops out of it.	
Poké Ball	item	34	 Apparently it was resting in its Poké Ball.	
Water Gun	move	13	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Magikarp	pokemon	71	Meanwhile, Team Rocket peers at the shore through the periscope of the Magikarp submarine.	
Magikarp	pokemon	45	 Golduck jumps off just in time to avoid the Magikarp submarine, which pops out of the water.	
Goldeen	pokemon	48	 Marina uses Tentacruel and Misty sends out her Goldeen.	
Goldeen	pokemon	16	 Using Agility, Goldeen dodges Tentacruel's Wrap, and lunges for a Horn Attack.	
Goldeen	pokemon	1	 Goldeen floats to the surface, defeated.	
Golduck	pokemon	47	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it tells him that Golduck, Psyduck's evolved form, is the fastest of all water Pokémon.	
Golduck	pokemon	32	 Both Misty and Marina say that Golduck is one of their favorite Pokémon.	
Golduck	pokemon	50	 She yanks it off, and everyone is amazed: it's a Golduck.	
Golduck	pokemon	40	 The battle continues, with Misty using Golduck.	
Golduck	pokemon	1	 Golduck leaps onto the wave and, using its Psychic powers, deflects it back to Marina.	
Golduck	pokemon	1	 Golduck jumps off just in time to avoid the Magikarp submarine, which pops out of the water.	
Golduck	pokemon	63	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Golduck	pokemon	1	 Golduck jumps in, too, and quickly overtakes Marina's Pokémon.	
Golduck	pokemon	77	Team Rocket argues amongst themselves about whose idea it was to attack, and Golduck jumps out of the water.	
Golduck	pokemon	71	 Team Rocket moves to attack it, but they are thrown onto the beach by Golduck's Psychic abilities.	
Golduck	pokemon	30	 Everyone looks over and sees Golduck walking up from the water.	
Golduck	pokemon	43	 Team Rocket runs back into their sub, but Golduck destroys it with a Hyper Beam.	
Golduck	pokemon	1	 Golduck walks out, carrying both above its head and protecting them with another Barrier.	
Golduck	pokemon	46	 Marina uses Starmie, who uses Tackle against Golduck.	
Golduck	pokemon	1	 Golduck sends out a Hyper Beam, and Starmie creates a Light Screen to block it.	
Golduck	pokemon	35	 Misty wins and she cheers for her Golduck.	
Golduck	pokemon	45	 Misty then holds out a Poké Ball and tells Golduck to take a rest, but Psyduck pops out of it.	
Golduck	pokemon	43	 As Misty tries to sort out the situation, Golduck notices three girls walking along the beach.	
Golduck	pokemon	40	 Marina realizes that it wasn't Misty's Golduck at all, it was just a Golduck that liked to show off in front of girls.	
Golduck	pokemon	70	 Marina realizes that it wasn't Misty's Golduck at all, it was just a Golduck that liked to show off in front of girls.	
Golduck	pokemon	42	 Misty asks if it is going to evolve into Golduck anyway, but its tail isn't glowing anymore.	
Golduck	pokemon	43	 Misty cheers up until Ash says that since Golduck wasn't hers, the battle with it didn't count.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Lapras swims back to shore, and Pikachu and Togepi tell Ash and his friends that the duck Pokémon is missing.	
Pikachu	pokemon	28	Everybody hurries away, and Pikachu's attempts to shock the submarine fail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	75	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Pikachu	pokemon	64	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.	
Agility	move	7	 Using Agility, Goldeen dodges Tentacruel's Wrap, and lunges for a Horn Attack.	
Psychic	move	44	 Golduck leaps onto the wave and, using its Psychic powers, deflects it back to Marina.	
Psychic	move	81	 Team Rocket moves to attack it, but they are thrown onto the beach by Golduck's Psychic abilities.	
Psychic	move	82	 It blocks Arbok's Poison Sting with a Disable, then slams it into the air with a Psychic.	
Psyduck	pokemon	25	 One of these is Misty's Psyduck who (asleep) falls off.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck surfaces, flailing about in the water.	
Psyduck	pokemon	48	The Pokémon return, having had no luck finding Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	30	 Tracey says that he believes Psyduck is Misty's favorite Pokémon and that she just hides her feelings.	
Psyduck	pokemon	61	 The girl with the Tentacruel rows over and asks them if the Psyduck she found is theirs.	
Psyduck	pokemon	12	 It is, but Psyduck's tail is glowing a bright pink.	
Psyduck	pokemon	15	 She points at Psyduck's glowing tail, and says that a Trainer once told her that when this happens, the Psyduck is about to evolve.	
Psyduck	pokemon	105	 She points at Psyduck's glowing tail, and says that a Trainer once told her that when this happens, the Psyduck is about to evolve.	
Psyduck	pokemon	56	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it tells him that Golduck, Psyduck's evolved form, is the fastest of all water Pokémon.	
Psyduck	pokemon	140	 After showing each other some lures they made and wishing they could catch one of the legendary Pokémon of the sea, Marina asks Misty why Psyduck can't swim.	
Psyduck	pokemon	19	Marina sends out a Psyduck of her own, who looks a lot stronger than Misty's.	
Psyduck	pokemon	28	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Psyduck	pokemon	41	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Psyduck	pokemon	106	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Psyduck	pokemon	42	 Misty tosses out a Poké Ball to use her Psyduck, but it falls into the water empty.	
Psyduck	pokemon	37	 Embarrassed, Misty tells Ash to get Psyduck's Poké Ball for her, but he can't tell which one it is.	
Psyduck	pokemon	13	 Apparently, Psyduck evolved.	
Psyduck	pokemon	55	 She says that nobody will yell at it like they did to Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	16	 He thinks that Psyduck evolved because it loves her.	
Psyduck	pokemon	1	 Psyduck uses Confusion, and a wave races at Misty.	
Psyduck	pokemon	142	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	55	 As the sub burns, Marina yells out for Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Psyduck	pokemon	73	 Misty then holds out a Poké Ball and tells Golduck to take a rest, but Psyduck pops out of it.	
Psyduck	pokemon	22	Later, Ash asks where Psyduck was all this time.	
Psyduck	pokemon	47	 Misty tells her that she wants a rematch once Psyduck finally does evolve and Lapras rides off into the sunset.	
Trainer	person	55	 She points at Psyduck's glowing tail, and says that a Trainer once told her that when this happens, the Psyduck is about to evolve.	
Trainer	person	99	 Marina then suggests that they battle each other to see which is the most powerful water Pokémon Trainer, to which Misty agrees.	
Barrier	move	82	 Golduck walks out, carrying both above its head and protecting them with another Barrier.	
Starmie	pokemon	43	 The kids jump down and Marina sends out a Starmie who swims over to the sub.	
Starmie	pokemon	13	 Marina uses Starmie, who uses Tackle against Golduck.	
Starmie	pokemon	37	 Golduck sends out a Hyper Beam, and Starmie creates a Light Screen to block it.	
Disable	move	39	 It blocks Arbok's Poison Sting with a Disable, then slams it into the air with a Psychic.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 They've sent a few of their Pokémon out to stretch, and a few ride Lapras around.	
Pokémon	pokemon	91	 Lapras swims back to shore, and Pikachu and Togepi tell Ash and his friends that the duck Pokémon is missing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Misty is horrified and they send out the rest of their Water-type Pokémon to help look for it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	4	The Pokémon return, having had no luck finding Psyduck.	
Pokémon	pokemon	58	 Tracey says that he believes Psyduck is Misty's favorite Pokémon and that she just hides her feelings.	
Pokémon	pokemon	108	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it tells him that Golduck, Psyduck's evolved form, is the fastest of all water Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 Both Misty and Marina say that Golduck is one of their favorite Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 They talk about water Pokémon for a moment, completely shutting out Ash and Tracey.	
Pokémon	pokemon	97	 After showing each other some lures they made and wishing they could catch one of the legendary Pokémon of the sea, Marina asks Misty why Psyduck can't swim.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 Marina then suggests that they battle each other to see which is the most powerful water Pokémon Trainer, to which Misty agrees.	
Pokémon	pokemon	65	 They agree to a three-on-three battle, and send out their first Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Marina tells Misty that she likes water Pokémon that have another type as well, as this gives her a slight advantage.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 She reaches into the water to get it, and when she pulls it up, a Pokémon's head is stuck in it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	99	 Ash and his friends cling to the tree that the wave swept them onto, and Marina realizes that her Pokémon are missing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 Golduck jumps in, too, and quickly overtakes Marina's Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 Ash tells them to give Marina back her Pokémon and Jessie and James seem all too happy to oblige.	
Pokémon	pokemon	95	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	Marina tells her Pokémon to wiggle out of the net, but they are too tired.	
Pokémon	pokemon	30	 Misty then says "It's just a Pokémon version of Brock," visibly shattered.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 Marina congratulates her, however, saying that she was able to control a wild, evolved Pokémon without catching it.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it tells him that Golduck, Psyduck's evolved form, is the fastest of all water Pokémon.	
Kinnow	region	50	Ash, Misty, and Tracey have stopped on an island (Kinnow Island) to rest.	
Lapras	pokemon	69	 They've sent a few of their Pokémon out to stretch, and a few ride Lapras around.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras swims back to shore, and Pikachu and Togepi tell Ash and his friends that the duck Pokémon is missing.	
Lapras	pokemon	79	 Misty tells her that she wants a rematch once Psyduck finally does evolve and Lapras rides off into the sunset.	
Bubble	move	22	 It then attacks with Bubble.	
Jessie	person	17	 Meowth yells at Jessie for losing Ash and his friends, only to be whacked by her long hair.	
Jessie	person	43	 James asks to find a place for lunch, and Jessie tells them all to stop whining.	
Jessie	person	53	 Ash tells them to give Marina back her Pokémon and Jessie and James seem all too happy to oblige.	
Jessie	person	16	 Marina runs at Jessie, but Jessie stops her with her Arbok.	
Jessie	person	28	 Marina runs at Jessie, but Jessie stops her with her Arbok.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth yells at Jessie for losing Ash and his friends, only to be whacked by her long hair.	
Meowth	pokemon	10	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.	
Tackle	move	31	 Marina uses Starmie, who uses Tackle against Golduck.	
Marina	person	49	Misty thanks the girl, who introduces herself as Marina.	
Marina	person	16	 Both Misty and Marina say that Golduck is one of their favorite Pokémon.	
Marina	person	118	 After showing each other some lures they made and wishing they could catch one of the legendary Pokémon of the sea, Marina asks Misty why Psyduck can't swim.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina then suggests that they battle each other to see which is the most powerful water Pokémon Trainer, to which Misty agrees.	
Marina	person	65	 She looks through the periscope once more and notices Misty and Marina getting ready to battle.	
Marina	person	53	As Team Rocket watches, the battle between Misty and Marina begins.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina uses Tentacruel and Misty sends out her Goldeen.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina tells Misty that she likes water Pokémon that have another type as well, as this gives her a slight advantage.	
Marina	person	29	 Misty sends out Staryu, and Marina compliments her on how good it looks.	
Marina	person	95	 It is as powerful as it is good-looking, and it defeats Tentacruel with a single Swift attack.Marina sends out a Psyduck of her own, who looks a lot stronger than Misty's.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Marina	person	80	 Golduck leaps onto the wave and, using its Psychic powers, deflects it back to Marina.	
Marina	person	118	 Team Rocket climbs out and discovers that they didn't capture Golduck and Pikachu as they had hoped, but have netted Marina's Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Marina	person	74	 Ash and his friends cling to the tree that the wave swept them onto, and Marina realizes that her Pokémon are missing.	
Marina	person	24	 The kids jump down and Marina sends out a Starmie who swims over to the sub.	
Marina	person	46	 Golduck jumps in, too, and quickly overtakes Marina's Pokémon.	
Marina	person	24	 Ash tells them to give Marina back her Pokémon and Jessie and James seem all too happy to oblige.	
Marina	person	79	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.Marina tells her Pokémon to wiggle out of the net, but they are too tired.	
Marina	person	109	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.Marina tells her Pokémon to wiggle out of the net, but they are too tired.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina runs at Jessie, but Jessie stops her with her Arbok.	
Marina	person	19	 As the sub burns, Marina yells out for Tentacruel and Psyduck.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina thanks it and Misty hugs it.	
Marina	person	25	Moments later, Misty and Marina are back at the rocks from before, continuing their battle.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina uses Starmie, who uses Tackle against Golduck.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina realizes that it wasn't Misty's Golduck at all, it was just a Golduck that liked to show off in front of girls.	
Marina	person	1	 Marina congratulates her, however, saying that she was able to control a wild, evolved Pokémon without catching it.	
Marina	person	39	That evening, they all say farewell to Marina.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey have stopped on an island (Kinnow Island) to rest.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey says that he believes Psyduck is Misty's favorite Pokémon and that she just hides her feelings.	
Tracey	person	78	 They talk about water Pokémon for a moment, completely shutting out Ash and Tracey.	
Tracey	person	54	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Tracey	person	17	 Ash comments to Tracey that the person who yelled at it the most was Misty herself.	
Togepi	pokemon	45	 Lapras swims back to shore, and Pikachu and Togepi tell Ash and his friends that the duck Pokémon is missing.	
Staryu	pokemon	17	 Misty sends out Staryu, and Marina compliments her on how good it looks.	
Staryu	pokemon	1	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Staryu	pokemon	75	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Brock	person	50	 Misty then says "It's just a Pokémon version of Brock," visibly shattered.	
Swift	move	82	 It is as powerful as it is good-looking, and it defeats Tentacruel with a single Swift attack.	
James	person	1	 James asks to find a place for lunch, and Jessie tells them all to stop whining.	
James	person	64	 Ash tells them to give Marina back her Pokémon and Jessie and James seem all too happy to oblige.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey have stopped on an island (Kinnow Island) to rest.	
Misty	person	17	 One of these is Misty's Psyduck who (asleep) falls off.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is horrified and they send out the rest of their Water-type Pokémon to help look for it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is still upset, and Ash notes how unusual this is.	
Misty	person	41	 Tracey says that he believes Psyduck is Misty's favorite Pokémon and that she just hides her feelings.	
Misty	person	52	 It is, but Psyduck's tail is glowing a bright pink.Misty thanks the girl, who introduces herself as Marina.	
Misty	person	6	 Both Misty and Marina say that Golduck is one of their favorite Pokémon.	
Misty	person	130	 After showing each other some lures they made and wishing they could catch one of the legendary Pokémon of the sea, Marina asks Misty why Psyduck can't swim.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty covers for it, saying that it's a rare breed.	
Misty	person	117	 Marina then suggests that they battle each other to see which is the most powerful water Pokémon Trainer, to which Misty agrees.	
Misty	person	55	 She looks through the periscope once more and notices Misty and Marina getting ready to battle.	
Misty	person	43	As Team Rocket watches, the battle between Misty and Marina begins.	
Misty	person	28	 Marina uses Tentacruel and Misty sends out her Goldeen.	
Misty	person	14	 Marina tells Misty that she likes water Pokémon that have another type as well, as this gives her a slight advantage.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends out Staryu, and Marina compliments her on how good it looks.	
Misty	person	69	Marina sends out a Psyduck of her own, who looks a lot stronger than Misty's.	
Misty	person	22	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Misty	person	67	 Marina suggests that Misty send out her Psyduck, and Tracey tells Misty a battle might be enough to make Psyduck evolve.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tosses out a Poké Ball to use her Psyduck, but it falls into the water empty.	
Misty	person	14	 Embarrassed, Misty tells Ash to get Psyduck's Poké Ball for her, but he can't tell which one it is.	
Misty	person	29	 Apparently, Psyduck evolved.Misty runs over and hugs it.	
Misty	person	70	 Ash comments to Tracey that the person who yelled at it the most was Misty herself.	
Misty	person	28	 The battle continues, with Misty using Golduck.	
Misty	person	45	 Psyduck uses Confusion, and a wave races at Misty.	
Misty	person	22	 Marina thanks it and Misty hugs it.	
Misty	person	15	Moments later, Misty and Marina are back at the rocks from before, continuing their battle.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wins and she cheers for her Golduck.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then holds out a Poké Ball and tells Golduck to take a rest, but Psyduck pops out of it.	
Misty	person	4	 As Misty tries to sort out the situation, Golduck notices three girls walking along the beach.	
Misty	person	32	 Marina realizes that it wasn't Misty's Golduck at all, it was just a Golduck that liked to show off in front of girls.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then says "It's just a Pokémon version of Brock," visibly shattered.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks if it is going to evolve into Golduck anyway, but its tail isn't glowing anymore.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty cheers up until Ash says that since Golduck wasn't hers, the battle with it didn't count.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells her that she wants a rematch once Psyduck finally does evolve and Lapras rides off into the sunset.	
Water	type	56	 Misty is horrified and they send out the rest of their Water-type Pokémon to help look for it.	
Water	type	13	 Staryu uses Water Gun, but Psyduck deflects it with Confusion and it hits Staryu, defeating it.	
Arbok	pokemon	54	 Marina runs at Jessie, but Jessie stops her with her Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	11	 It blocks Arbok's Poison Sting with a Disable, then slams it into the air with a Psychic.	
Poké	item	20	 Misty tosses out a Poké Ball to use her Psyduck, but it falls into the water empty.	
Poké	item	47	 Embarrassed, Misty tells Ash to get Psyduck's Poké Ball for her, but he can't tell which one it is.	
Poké	item	24	 Misty then holds out a Poké Ball and tells Golduck to take a rest, but Psyduck pops out of it.	
Poké	item	34	 Apparently it was resting in its Poké Ball.	
Wrap	move	44	 Using Agility, Goldeen dodges Tentacruel's Wrap, and lunges for a Horn Attack.	
Ash	person	57	 Lapras swims back to shore, and Pikachu and Togepi tell Ash and his friends that the duck Pokémon is missing.	
Ash	person	27	 Misty is still upset, and Ash notes how unusual this is.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex and it tells him that Golduck, Psyduck's evolved form, is the fastest of all water Pokémon.	
Ash	person	70	 They talk about water Pokémon for a moment, completely shutting out Ash and Tracey.	
Ash	person	35	 Meowth yells at Jessie for losing Ash and his friends, only to be whacked by her long hair.	
Ash	person	26	 Embarrassed, Misty tells Ash to get Psyduck's Poké Ball for her, but he can't tell which one it is.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments to Tracey that the person who yelled at it the most was Misty herself.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends cling to the tree that the wave swept them onto, and Marina realizes that her Pokémon are missing.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells them to give Marina back her Pokémon and Jessie and James seem all too happy to oblige.	
Ash	person	43	 However, Meowth jumps up and insists that Ash has to hand over Pikachu before Marina gets her Pokémon back.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash asks where Psyduck was all this time.	
Ash	person	23	 Misty cheers up until Ash says that since Golduck wasn't hers, the battle with it didn't count.	
