Magikarp Submarine	item	61	 Suddenly, we see Team Rocket spying on the group from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Pokémon Master	person	61	 Joy then remembers Ash telling her of his plans to become a Pokémon Master; she tells him of Navel Island.	
Pokémon Center	building	107	 The group collectively states that Nurse Joy's job is not easy, and that it would be easier to just run a Pokémon Center like all of the other Joys.	
Orange Islands	region	70	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding on Lapras through the waters of the Orange Islands.	
Orange League	region	37	 She says Navel Island is home to an Orange League Gym, and that he might be able to win a Badge there.	
Navel Island	region	95	 Joy then remembers Ash telling her of his plans to become a Pokémon Master; she tells him of Navel Island.	
Navel Island	region	10	 She says Navel Island is home to an Orange League Gym, and that he might be able to win a Badge there.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	69	Back at her clinic, Nurse Joy demonstrates her abilities by treating Ash's Lapras.	
Team Rocket	group	18	 Suddenly, we see Team Rocket spying on the group from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Team Rocket	group	54	 Appearing from the water in the mechanical Magikarp, Team Rocket recites their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Just as tears begin to form in her eyes, an ominous figure rams into Team Rocket's submarine from below the water.	
Team Rocket	group	45	 Using its newly formed tail, Gyarados whips Team Rocket off into the distance.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	134	 Suddenly, they see a pink figure appear from the water, thinking it might be Chansey; the figure turns over and reveals itself to be Jigglypuff.	
Nurse Joy	person	70	 As the waves rush past, we see a kayak being propelled by a very tan Nurse Joy and her Chansey.	
Nurse Joy	person	72	 Misty states her uncertainty that what had passed them on a boat was a Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	54	 Before they can figure out how to help the Pokémon, Nurse Joy and Chansey appears to help Magikarp.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy tells Ash and his friends that she travels from island to island helping sick and injured Pokémon, because a lot of the Orange islands are too small for Pokémon Centers.	
Nurse Joy	person	20	Back at her clinic, Nurse Joy demonstrates her abilities by treating Ash's Lapras.	
Nurse Joy	person	14	 Eager to see Nurse Joy in action, Ash and his friends ask if they can help with her work.	
Nurse Joy	person	25	 Ash, Misty, Tracey, and Nurse Joy all set off in kayaks.	
Nurse Joy	person	51	 We see the group in a variety of situations where Nurse Joy's assistance is needed.	
Nurse Joy	person	82	 A little while later, the group falls behind in their kayaks, and loses sight of Nurse Joy.	
Nurse Joy	person	34	 When they finally stop, they see Nurse Joy and Chansey, with its first-aid kit, pop up out of the water.	
Nurse Joy	person	36	 There, we see a sick Shellder that Nurse Joy begins to examine.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy rescues him from Dewgong and they all head back to shore.	
Nurse Joy	person	36	 The group collectively states that Nurse Joy's job is not easy, and that it would be easier to just run a Pokémon Center like all of the other Joys.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy says that it was, and that her and the Water Pokémon have been friends ever since that day.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy explains to them that she has one more stop for the day; Ash apologizes for throwing her off schedule.	
Nurse Joy	person	66	 Despite Tracey's begging for her to wait until the storm passes, Nurse Joy leaves on her kayak with Chansey anyway.	
Nurse Joy	person	16	 Ash shouts for Nurse Joy from behind, and she looks back in surprise.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Nurse Joy	person	65	 With everyone safe from the ocean's wrath, Tracey apologizes to Nurse Joy for intervening in her efforts to help the baby Seel.	
Nurse Joy	person	60	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy is intent on escaping, so she can help the baby Seel.	
Nurse Joy	person	34	 The giant Magikarp befriended by Nurse Joy jumps up out of the water with menacing glare.	
Nurse Joy	person	86	 The Pokémon lunges towards shore, but, instead of attacking, Gyarados gets close to Nurse Joy so she can pet it.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy is finally able to reach the island that is home to the group of sick baby Seel, and treat them.	
Nurse Joy	person	55	Ash, Misty, and Tracey admire the relationship between Nurse Joy and Gyarados.	
Submarine	item	70	 Suddenly, we see Team Rocket spying on the group from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Gyarados	pokemon	24	 Tracey believes that a Gyarados could have tipped her boat over.	
Gyarados	pokemon	30	 Using its newly formed tail, Gyarados whips Team Rocket off into the distance.	
Gyarados	pokemon	1	 Gyarados turns around to look at the group stuck in the net, and they begin to worry that its evolution caused a change in its demeanor.	
Gyarados	pokemon	63	 The Pokémon lunges towards shore, but, instead of attacking, Gyarados gets close to Nurse Joy so she can pet it.	
Gyarados	pokemon	1	 Gyarados removes the net with its mouth and flings it into the ocean.	
Gyarados	pokemon	47	 Misty exclaims that the Pokémon evolved into Gyarados, but kept Magikarp's personality.	
Gyarados	pokemon	69	Ash, Misty, and Tracey admire the relationship between Nurse Joy and Gyarados.	
Shellder	pokemon	22	 There, we see a sick Shellder that Nurse Joy begins to examine.	
Cloyster	pokemon	53	 She states that she went underwater to treat a sick Cloyster, and sends Chansey to retrieve their kayak.	
Magikarp	pokemon	20	 Just then, a giant Magikarp jumped up out of the bay and began flopping around on the rock at the group's feet.	
Magikarp	pokemon	92	 Before they can figure out how to help the Pokémon, Nurse Joy and Chansey appears to help Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	11	 Joy gives Magikarp a bottle of Calcium tablets and throws it back into the water.	
Magikarp	pokemon	63	 She says when she was a little girl, she found a tiny injured Magikarp on the beach.	
Magikarp	pokemon	117	 A little while after that, while on a boat with her family, she fell into the water; she was then promptly saved by Magikarp, the same Magikarp that she had helped on its way to full health, who had grown considerably.	
Magikarp	pokemon	136	 A little while after that, while on a boat with her family, she fell into the water; she was then promptly saved by Magikarp, the same Magikarp that she had helped on its way to full health, who had grown considerably.	
Magikarp	pokemon	28	 Misty asks her whether the Magikarp they had seen earlier that day was the same Magikarp she had helped.	
Magikarp	pokemon	81	 Misty asks her whether the Magikarp they had seen earlier that day was the same Magikarp she had helped.	
Magikarp	pokemon	61	 Suddenly, we see Team Rocket spying on the group from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Magikarp	pokemon	44	 Appearing from the water in the mechanical Magikarp, Team Rocket recites their motto.	
Magikarp	pokemon	11	 The giant Magikarp befriended by Nurse Joy jumps up out of the water with menacing glare.	
Magikarp	pokemon	31	 With numerous Tackle attacks, Magikarp tries to rid the ocean of the trio of thieves.	
Magikarp	pokemon	66	 Misty exclaims that the Pokémon evolved into Gyarados, but kept Magikarp's personality.	
Squirtle	pokemon	98	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
GS Ball	item	48	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Chansey	pokemon	88	 As the waves rush past, we see a kayak being propelled by a very tan Nurse Joy and her Chansey.	
Chansey	pokemon	47	 Tracey describes the prints as belonging to a Chansey and a woman with a size-7 sneaker.	
Chansey	pokemon	68	 Before they can figure out how to help the Pokémon, Nurse Joy and Chansey appears to help Magikarp.	
Chansey	pokemon	60	 When they finally catch up to her kayak, it is empty; both Chansey and Joy are missing.	
Chansey	pokemon	78	 Suddenly, they see a pink figure appear from the water, thinking it might be Chansey; the figure turns over and reveals itself to be Jigglypuff.	
Chansey	pokemon	48	 When they finally stop, they see Nurse Joy and Chansey, with its first-aid kit, pop up out of the water.	
Chansey	pokemon	73	 She states that she went underwater to treat a sick Cloyster, and sends Chansey to retrieve their kayak.	
Chansey	pokemon	101	 Despite Tracey's begging for her to wait until the storm passes, Nurse Joy leaves on her kayak with Chansey anyway.	
Chansey	pokemon	41	 Intent on capturing Pikachu, as well as Chansey, Meowth seems very confident that they will succeed this time.	
Chansey	pokemon	84	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	 Intent on capturing Pikachu, as well as Chansey, Meowth seems very confident that they will succeed this time.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Kingler	pokemon	39	 Many Trainers' Pokémon are helped: a Kingler, an Onix, and a Mankey, among others.	
Psyduck	pokemon	166	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Calcium	item	32	 Joy gives Magikarp a bottle of Calcium tablets and throws it back into the water.	
Dewgong	pokemon	19	 Just then, a wild Dewgong grabs onto him with its fins.	
Dewgong	pokemon	28	 Nurse Joy rescues him from Dewgong and they all head back to shore.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Pokémon	pokemon	31	 Misty, worried that the Water Pokémon will run out of air, proposes that they help it get back into the water; Ash agrees.	
Pokémon	pokemon	44	 Before they can figure out how to help the Pokémon, Nurse Joy and Chansey appears to help Magikarp.	
Pokémon	pokemon	101	 Nurse Joy tells Ash and his friends that she travels from island to island helping sick and injured Pokémon, because a lot of the Orange islands are too small for Pokémon Centers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	165	 Nurse Joy tells Ash and his friends that she travels from island to island helping sick and injured Pokémon, because a lot of the Orange islands are too small for Pokémon Centers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	16	 Many Trainers' Pokémon are helped: a Kingler, an Onix, and a Mankey, among others.	
Pokémon	pokemon	12	 Before the Pokémon can begin to sing, they race away in their kayaks.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 Ash and Tracey become curious as to how Joy can treat Pokémon underwater, so she offers to show them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon seems to be playing with Ash.	
Pokémon	pokemon	107	 The group collectively states that Nurse Joy's job is not easy, and that it would be easier to just run a Pokémon Center like all of the other Joys.	
Pokémon	pokemon	10	 When the Pokémon was healthy once again, she released it back into the ocean.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Joy says that moment was when she decided to dedicate her life to Pokémon, especially those without Trainers to care for them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 Nurse Joy says that it was, and that her and the Water Pokémon have been friends ever since that day.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 She says that when dealing with Pokémon, one should always expect the unexpected.	
Pokémon	pokemon	49	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 As Joy calls out to the Pokémon for help, it begins to evolve.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon lunges towards shore, but, instead of attacking, Gyarados gets close to Nurse Joy so she can pet it.	
Pokémon	pokemon	25	 Misty exclaims that the Pokémon evolved into Gyarados, but kept Magikarp's personality.	
Pokémon	pokemon	86	 Tracey sketches the two of them together and says that if everyone would treat their Pokémon, and each other, with the care, love and respect they deserve, the world would be picture-perfect.	
Pokémon	pokemon	61	 Joy then remembers Ash telling her of his plans to become a Pokémon Master; she tells him of Navel Island.	
Marill	pokemon	125	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Lapras	pokemon	37	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding on Lapras through the waters of the Orange Islands.	
Lapras	pokemon	69	 Tracey recognizes the nurse, and Ash, unsure of what it was, orders Lapras to follow the boat and catch up to whatever had sped past.	
Lapras	pokemon	75	Back at her clinic, Nurse Joy demonstrates her abilities by treating Ash's Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	34	 The group head on their way atop Lapras.	
Meowth	pokemon	50	 Intent on capturing Pikachu, as well as Chansey, Meowth seems very confident that they will succeed this time.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then hits a button, which sends a torpedo-like object flying from the submarine, up and out of the water.	
Tackle	move	15	 With numerous Tackle attacks, Magikarp tries to rid the ocean of the trio of thieves.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding on Lapras through the waters of the Orange Islands.	
Tracey	person	57	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey recognizes the nurse, and Ash, unsure of what it was, orders Lapras to follow the boat and catch up to whatever had sped past.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey describes the prints as belonging to a Chansey and a woman with a size-7 sneaker.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey recalls the moment, saying that the woman seemed more muscular than an average Joy.	
Tracey	person	13	 Ash, Misty, Tracey, and Nurse Joy all set off in kayaks.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey believes that a Gyarados could have tipped her boat over.	
Tracey	person	9	 Ash and Tracey become curious as to how Joy can treat Pokémon underwater, so she offers to show them.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey expresses his worry over the surely upcoming hurricane, and states that it is too dangerous for Joy to go out on the water again.	
Tracey	person	9	 Despite Tracey's begging for her to wait until the storm passes, Nurse Joy leaves on her kayak with Chansey anyway.	
Tracey	person	46	 Just then, a huge wave sends Ash, Misty, and Tracey flying into the air and out of their kayaks.	
Tracey	person	108	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Tracey	person	44	 With everyone safe from the ocean's wrath, Tracey apologizes to Nurse Joy for intervening in her efforts to help the baby Seel.	
Tracey	person	52	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey admire the relationship between Nurse Joy and Gyarados.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sketches the two of them together and says that if everyone would treat their Pokémon, and each other, with the care, love and respect they deserve, the world would be picture-perfect.	
Mankey	pokemon	63	 Many Trainers' Pokémon are helped: a Kingler, an Onix, and a Mankey, among others.	
Togepi	pokemon	112	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Staryu	pokemon	147	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
James	person	10	 He tells James that there is no way they can "lose" with his new secret weapon.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are riding on Lapras through the waters of the Orange Islands.	
Misty	person	90	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty states her uncertainty that what had passed them on a boat was a Nurse Joy.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, worried that the Water Pokémon will run out of air, proposes that they help it get back into the water; Ash agrees.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, Tracey, and Nurse Joy all set off in kayaks.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks her whether the Magikarp they had seen earlier that day was the same Magikarp she had helped.	
Misty	person	35	 Just then, a huge wave sends Ash, Misty, and Tracey flying into the air and out of their kayaks.	
Misty	person	137	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Misty	person	45	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty exclaims that the Pokémon evolved into Gyarados, but kept Magikarp's personality.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey admire the relationship between Nurse Joy and Gyarados.	
Water	type	25	 Misty, worried that the Water Pokémon will run out of air, proposes that they help it get back into the water; Ash agrees.	
Water	type	50	 Nurse Joy says that it was, and that her and the Water Pokémon have been friends ever since that day.	
Water	type	43	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Badge	item	91	 She says Navel Island is home to an Orange League Gym, and that he might be able to win a Badge there.	
Onix	pokemon	51	 Many Trainers' Pokémon are helped: a Kingler, an Onix, and a Mankey, among others.	
Seel	pokemon	45	 She says that there is a group of sick baby Seel waiting for her help.	
Seel	pokemon	123	 With everyone safe from the ocean's wrath, Tracey apologizes to Nurse Joy for intervening in her efforts to help the baby Seel.	
Seel	pokemon	53	 Before continuing on their way to help the group of Seel, they decide to take a short rest.	
Seel	pokemon	59	 Nurse Joy is intent on escaping, so she can help the baby Seel.	
Seel	pokemon	86	 Nurse Joy is finally able to reach the island that is home to the group of sick baby Seel, and treat them.	
Gym	building	51	 She says Navel Island is home to an Orange League Gym, and that he might be able to win a Badge there.	
Ash	person	27	 Everyone is keeping busy; Ash is polishing the GS Ball, Tracey is Pokémon watching, and Misty is playing with Togepi.	
Ash	person	34	 Tracey recognizes the nurse, and Ash, unsure of what it was, orders Lapras to follow the boat and catch up to whatever had sped past.	
Ash	person	113	 Misty, worried that the Water Pokémon will run out of air, proposes that they help it get back into the water; Ash agrees.	
Ash	person	17	 Nurse Joy tells Ash and his friends that she travels from island to island helping sick and injured Pokémon, because a lot of the Orange islands are too small for Pokémon Centers.	
Ash	person	69	Back at her clinic, Nurse Joy demonstrates her abilities by treating Ash's Lapras.	
Ash	person	35	 Eager to see Nurse Joy in action, Ash and his friends ask if they can help with her work.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, Tracey, and Nurse Joy all set off in kayaks.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Tracey become curious as to how Joy can treat Pokémon underwater, so she offers to show them.	
Ash	person	40	 Unable to hold his breathe any longer, Ash begins to struggle.	
Ash	person	39	 The Pokémon seems to be playing with Ash.	
Ash	person	15	At the clinic, Ash is warming up under a blanket with a hot beverage.	
Ash	person	68	 Nurse Joy explains to them that she has one more stop for the day; Ash apologizes for throwing her off schedule.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash shouts for Nurse Joy from behind, and she looks back in surprise.	
Ash	person	30	 Just then, a huge wave sends Ash, Misty, and Tracey flying into the air and out of their kayaks.	
Ash	person	84	 Nurse Joy yells to them to send out their Water Pokémon to help keep them afloat; Ash sends out Squirtle, Tracey sends out Marill, and Misty her Staryu (along with Psyduck, who is unable to swim).	
Ash	person	40	 The object releases a net that entraps Ash, Misty, Tracey, Nurse Joy, Pikachu, and Chansey on the beach.	
Ash	person	107	 Nurse Joy is finally able to reach the island that is home to the group of sick baby Seel, and treat them.Ash, Misty, and Tracey admire the relationship between Nurse Joy and Gyarados.	
Ash	person	20	 Joy then remembers Ash telling her of his plans to become a Pokémon Master; she tells him of Navel Island.	
