Magikarp Submarine	item	46	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket spots them from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Sea Ruby Badge	item	88	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Sea Ruby Badge	item	43	 Danny congratulates Ash and hands him the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Orange League	region	62	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Flamethrower	move	16	 Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash before using four more to perfectly carve the sled and win the round.	
Navel Island	region	25	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Navel Island	region	30	 get back on Lapras and leave Navel Island.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket spots them from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Suddenly, Team Rocket grabs Pikachu with a suction cup and attempts to pull him to their balloon.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 Ash grabs Pikachu and Danny removes the suction cup, cutting off Team Rocket’s motto.	
Team Rocket	group	56	 Danny watches and speeds ahead expertly, but runs into Team Rocket's pit trap.	
Team Rocket	group	28	 Danny knows it's a trap as Team Rocket reveals themselves.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket takes Pikachu and tries to escape.	
Team Rocket	group	110	 Pikachu gets clear of the balloon as Danny orders Electrode to use Explosion to destroy the balloon and send Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Thunderbolt	move	41	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Gym Leader	person	42	 Danny reveals to everyone that he is the Gym Leader since nobody was at the top when Misty and Tracey arrived.	
Vine Whip	move	15	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Explosion	move	68	 Pikachu gets clear of the balloon as Danny orders Electrode to use Explosion to destroy the balloon and send Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	12	 Danny uses Nidoqueen while Ash summons Lapras.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	37	 While Lapras makes steady progress, Nidoqueen is much faster and freezes the geyser first, winning the round.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	33	 Danny uses Machoke, Scyther and Nidoqueen.	
Navel Gym	building	18	They approach the Navel Gym gate, and Ash opens it.	
Gym Badge	item	52	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Electrode	pokemon	21	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Electrode	pokemon	15	 Scyther loads Electrode onto a plank as everyone else propels it to the balloon.	
Electrode	pokemon	51	 Pikachu gets clear of the balloon as Danny orders Electrode to use Explosion to destroy the balloon and send Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Poké Ball	item	14	 Ash puts the Poké Ball back and manages to climb back up.	
Submarine	item	55	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket spots them from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	43	 He grabs a ledge and attempts to call out Bulbasaur, but Danny reminds him of the rule.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	24	 Ash sends out Pikachu, Bulbasaur and surprisingly Charizard.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	87	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	50	 Danny’s Scyther steers his sled while Ash uses Bulbasaur's vines to steer, although Ash spins out of control.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses its vines to get Ash and Danny out, and the Pokémon create snowballs, with Geodude launching them.	
Charizard	pokemon	51	 Ash sends out Pikachu, Bulbasaur and surprisingly Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	28	 Misty and Tracey know that Charizard won't obey.	
Charizard	pokemon	65	 Danny’s team uses brute force to make adequate progress while Charizard loafs around.	
Charizard	pokemon	118	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash before using four more to perfectly carve the sled and win the round.	
Ice Beam	move	20	 Both Pokémon fire Ice Beam attacks at the geysers.	
Magikarp	pokemon	46	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket spots them from their Magikarp Submarine.	
Squirtle	pokemon	101	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Machoke	pokemon	12	 Danny uses Machoke, Scyther and Nidoqueen.	
Scyther	pokemon	21	 Danny uses Machoke, Scyther and Nidoqueen.	
Scyther	pokemon	35	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Scyther	pokemon	11	 Danny’s Scyther steers his sled while Ash uses Bulbasaur's vines to steer, although Ash spins out of control.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther loads Electrode onto a plank as everyone else propels it to the balloon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu points at a sign that gives instructions.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 Ash takes a rest, exhausted, while Pikachu and Danny enjoy the mountain air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Suddenly, Team Rocket grabs Pikachu with a suction cup and attempts to pull him to their balloon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash grabs Pikachu and Danny removes the suction cup, cutting off Team Rocket’s motto.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu collapses from the cold and Ash runs to Pikachu, taking off his vest and wrapping Pikachu and holding him closer.	
Pikachu	pokemon	49	 Pikachu collapses from the cold and Ash runs to Pikachu, taking off his vest and wrapping Pikachu and holding him closer.	
Pikachu	pokemon	91	 Pikachu collapses from the cold and Ash runs to Pikachu, taking off his vest and wrapping Pikachu and holding him closer.	
Pikachu	pokemon	42	 Danny watches with admiration as Ash and Pikachu press forward.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Pikachu, Bulbasaur and surprisingly Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 Team Rocket takes Pikachu and tries to escape.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu gets clear of the balloon as Danny orders Electrode to use Explosion to destroy the balloon and send Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Trainer	person	32	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Geodude	pokemon	12	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Geodude	pokemon	92	 Bulbasaur uses its vines to get Ash and Danny out, and the Pokémon create snowballs, with Geodude launching them.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 It declares that challengers must climb up the mountain without using Pokémon or risk disqualification, while spectators can use the cable car.	
Pokémon	pokemon	6	 Both Pokémon fire Ice Beam attacks at the geysers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	The second round is to carve the ice into a sled with three Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	60	 Bulbasaur uses its vines to get Ash and Danny out, and the Pokémon create snowballs, with Geodude launching them.	
Lapras	pokemon	40	 Danny uses Nidoqueen while Ash summons Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	7	 While Lapras makes steady progress, Nidoqueen is much faster and freezes the geyser first, winning the round.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras manages to complete the task but winds up exhausted.	
Lapras	pokemon	13	 get back on Lapras and leave Navel Island.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth activates another switch as both teams fall into a larger pit trap.	
Tracey	person	115	 A man approaches on a sailboat, introducing himself as Danny and immediately appealing to Misty, shocking Ash and Tracey.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Tracey	person	25	 At one point, Misty and Tracey pass via the cable car, and Misty calls to Danny.	
Tracey	person	26	 At the summit, Misty and Tracey are waiting, wrapped in blankets.	
Tracey	person	96	 Danny reveals to everyone that he is the Gym Leader since nobody was at the top when Misty and Tracey arrived.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey know that Charizard won't obey.	
Tracey	person	86	 When the light turns green, both teams race down as fast as possible while Misty and Tracey use the cable car.	
Tracey	person	36	 Both teams race down, as Misty and Tracey wait.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey are glad that Ash won, but Misty is also partially upset that Danny lost.	
Danny	person	56	 A man approaches on a sailboat, introducing himself as Danny and immediately appealing to Misty, shocking Ash and Tracey.	
Danny	person	13	 Misty notes Danny's large backpack and contrasts it to Ash's lack of preparation, which begins an argument.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny notes that they are close, but Misty calls Ash a little kid, which irritates Ash.	
Danny	person	15	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny also climbs along, moving at a seemingly easy pace while Ash is struggling with both the exertion and a slight fear of heights.	
Danny	person	75	 At one point, Misty and Tracey pass via the cable car, and Misty calls to Danny.	
Danny	person	58	 He grabs a ledge and attempts to call out Bulbasaur, but Danny reminds him of the rule.	
Danny	person	48	 Ash takes a rest, exhausted, while Pikachu and Danny enjoy the mountain air.	
Danny	person	12	 Ash thanks Danny for the warning.	
Danny	person	23	 Ash grabs Pikachu and Danny removes the suction cup, cutting off Team Rocket’s motto.	
Danny	person	31	 They launch another plug, but Danny attaches it to a rock, which flies back and ruptures the balloon, sending it flying into the clouds.	
Danny	person	9	 Ash and Danny continue hiking up, the weather turning to snow.	
Danny	person	19	 Ash shivers while Danny seems unaffected.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny watches with admiration as Ash and Pikachu press forward.	
Danny	person	9	 Ash and Danny arrive, and they run to meet.	
Danny	person	24	 Misty runs past Ash to Danny, offering to share her blanket.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny reveals to everyone that he is the Gym Leader since nobody was at the top when Misty and Tracey arrived.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny announces that the match is composed of three rounds, and two of three wins.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny uses Nidoqueen while Ash summons Lapras.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny uses Machoke, Scyther and Nidoqueen.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny’s team uses brute force to make adequate progress while Charizard loafs around.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny’s Scyther steers his sled while Ash uses Bulbasaur's vines to steer, although Ash spins out of control.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny watches and speeds ahead expertly, but runs into Team Rocket's pit trap.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny knows it's a trap as Team Rocket reveals themselves.	
Danny	person	41	 Bulbasaur uses its vines to get Ash and Danny out, and the Pokémon create snowballs, with Geodude launching them.	
Danny	person	38	 Pikachu gets clear of the balloon as Danny orders Electrode to use Explosion to destroy the balloon and send Team Rocket blasting off again.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny closes in on the finish line, but Ash soars through the sky and catches up with Danny.	
Danny	person	87	 Danny closes in on the finish line, but Ash soars through the sky and catches up with Danny.	
Danny	person	1	 Danny congratulates Ash and hands him the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Danny	person	80	 Misty and Tracey are glad that Ash won, but Misty is also partially upset that Danny lost.	
Misty	person	91	 A man approaches on a sailboat, introducing himself as Danny and immediately appealing to Misty, shocking Ash and Tracey.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty notes Danny's large backpack and contrasts it to Ash's lack of preparation, which begins an argument.	
Misty	person	38	 Danny notes that they are close, but Misty calls Ash a little kid, which irritates Ash.	
Misty	person	15	 At one point, Misty and Tracey pass via the cable car, and Misty calls to Danny.	
Misty	person	60	 At one point, Misty and Tracey pass via the cable car, and Misty calls to Danny.	
Misty	person	16	 At the summit, Misty and Tracey are waiting, wrapped in blankets.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty runs past Ash to Danny, offering to share her blanket.	
Misty	person	86	 Danny reveals to everyone that he is the Gym Leader since nobody was at the top when Misty and Tracey arrived.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey know that Charizard won't obey.	
Misty	person	76	 When the light turns green, both teams race down as fast as possible while Misty and Tracey use the cable car.	
Misty	person	26	 Both teams race down, as Misty and Tracey wait.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey are glad that Ash won, but Misty is also partially upset that Danny lost.	
Misty	person	45	 Misty and Tracey are glad that Ash won, but Misty is also partially upset that Danny lost.	
Badge	item	97	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Badge	item	56	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Badge	item	52	 Danny congratulates Ash and hands him the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Ruby	person	92	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Ruby	person	47	 Danny congratulates Ash and hands him the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Poké	item	14	 Ash puts the Poké Ball back and manages to climb back up.	
Gym	building	76	Ash and his friends spot Navel Island, the home of the second Orange League Gym and the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Gym	building	65	 They touch down on the beach near a very quiet village, but the Gym is nowhere to be found.	
Gym	building	52	 Tracey thinks Danny is another Trainer seeking the Gym Badge.	
Gym	building	24	They approach the Navel Gym gate, and Ash opens it.	
Gym	building	42	 Danny reveals to everyone that he is the Gym Leader since nobody was at the top when Misty and Tracey arrived.	
Ash	person	107	 A man approaches on a sailboat, introducing himself as Danny and immediately appealing to Misty, shocking Ash and Tracey.	
Ash	person	56	 Misty notes Danny's large backpack and contrasts it to Ash's lack of preparation, which begins an argument.	
Ash	person	50	 Danny notes that they are close, but Misty calls Ash a little kid, which irritates Ash.	
Ash	person	84	 Danny notes that they are close, but Misty calls Ash a little kid, which irritates Ash.	
Ash	person	38	They approach the Navel Gym gate, and Ash opens it.	
Ash	person	64	 Danny also climbs along, moving at a seemingly easy pace while Ash is struggling with both the exertion and a slight fear of heights.	
Ash	person	30	 This irritates and distracts Ash, which causes him to slip and fall down.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash puts the Poké Ball back and manages to climb back up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash takes a rest, exhausted, while Pikachu and Danny enjoy the mountain air.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thanks Danny for the warning.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash grabs Pikachu and Danny removes the suction cup, cutting off Team Rocket’s motto.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Danny continue hiking up, the weather turning to snow.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash shivers while Danny seems unaffected.	
Ash	person	37	 Pikachu collapses from the cold and Ash runs to Pikachu, taking off his vest and wrapping Pikachu and holding him closer.	
Ash	person	34	 Danny watches with admiration as Ash and Pikachu press forward.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Danny arrive, and they run to meet.	
Ash	person	17	 Misty runs past Ash to Danny, offering to share her blanket.	
Ash	person	28	 Danny uses Nidoqueen while Ash summons Lapras.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Pikachu, Bulbasaur and surprisingly Charizard.	
Ash	person	101	 Bulbasaur’s Vine Whip and Pikachu’s Thunderbolt are not as effective, putting them behind while Ash tries to get Charizard to work.	
Ash	person	32	 Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash before using four more to perfectly carve the sled and win the round.	
Ash	person	63	 Danny puts Geodude, Electrode and Scyther into his sled while Ash rides with Pikachu, Bulbasaur and Squirtle.	
Ash	person	41	 Danny’s Scyther steers his sled while Ash uses Bulbasaur's vines to steer, although Ash spins out of control.	
Ash	person	87	 Danny’s Scyther steers his sled while Ash uses Bulbasaur's vines to steer, although Ash spins out of control.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices and stops the sled to help.	
Ash	person	33	 Bulbasaur uses its vines to get Ash and Danny out, and the Pokémon create snowballs, with Geodude launching them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash’s sled picks up too much speed and barely misses a large rock, causing the craft to cut through trees.	
Ash	person	41	 Danny closes in on the finish line, but Ash soars through the sky and catches up with Danny.	
Ash	person	20	 The landing causes Ash’s sled to shrink in size, and the lighter sled allows Ash to pull forward and win the race, crashing into the ocean.	
Ash	person	80	 The landing causes Ash’s sled to shrink in size, and the lighter sled allows Ash to pull forward and win the race, crashing into the ocean.	
Ash	person	21	 Danny congratulates Ash and hands him the Sea Ruby Badge.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash accepts it with excitement.	
Ash	person	32	 Misty and Tracey are glad that Ash won, but Misty is also partially upset that Danny lost.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and co.	
