Seven Grapefruit Islands	region	34	Ash and his friends arrive at the Seven Grapefruit Islands, known for its large grapefruit harvest.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 On the second island, Team Rocket is also picking grapefruits - to steal.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 Snorlax begins to eat Team Rocket's loot, which forces Team Rocket to try to stop Snorlax.	
Team Rocket	group	56	 Snorlax begins to eat Team Rocket's loot, which forces Team Rocket to try to stop Snorlax.	
Team Rocket	group	32	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Team Rocket	group	86	 Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick.	
Victreebel	pokemon	106	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	61	 Now left alone, Ash and company come up with a plan to have Jigglypuff sing to it.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	53	 But in order to do so, they will first have to find Jigglypuff, and then, before anyone can fall asleep, catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	16	 Surmising that Jigglypuff is nearby, Ash and company decide to build a stage for Jigglypuff, complete with colored markers and large signage.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	82	 Surmising that Jigglypuff is nearby, Ash and company decide to build a stage for Jigglypuff, complete with colored markers and large signage.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	84	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	13	 Once again, Jigglypuff uses its marker (and the new colored markers) to mark everyone for falling asleep.	
Body Slam	move	139	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Lickitung	pokemon	132	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Mega Kick	move	130	 Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick.	
Poké Ball	item	120	 But in order to do so, they will first have to find Jigglypuff, and then, before anyone can fall asleep, catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Poké Ball	item	233	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	120	 Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	98	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Squirtle	pokemon	85	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Goldeen	pokemon	214	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Pikachu	pokemon	314	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Pikachu	pokemon	138	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Thunder	move	196	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Psyduck	pokemon	252	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Snorlax	pokemon	76	It turns out that it was not thieves stealing the grapefruit, but instead a Snorlax that has been eating them.	
Snorlax	pokemon	25	 Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well.	
Snorlax	pokemon	30	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Snorlax	pokemon	89	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Snorlax	pokemon	129	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Snorlax	pokemon	7	Later, Snorlax has already eaten the first island dry.	
Snorlax	pokemon	42	 Thinking that they will be safe now that Snorlax has nowhere to go, they are surprised to find that Snorlax can swim, explaining how it could arrive on the island.	
Snorlax	pokemon	101	 Thinking that they will be safe now that Snorlax has nowhere to go, they are surprised to find that Snorlax can swim, explaining how it could arrive on the island.	
Snorlax	pokemon	105	 While Ruby and her crew try to pick the grapefruits as quickly as possible, Ash and company try to stop Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	46	 However, before they can make their getaway, Snorlax, with Ash and company, races towards them.	
Snorlax	pokemon	1	 Snorlax begins to eat Team Rocket's loot, which forces Team Rocket to try to stop Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	83	 Snorlax begins to eat Team Rocket's loot, which forces Team Rocket to try to stop Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	76	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Snorlax	pokemon	162	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Snorlax	pokemon	39	 Thinking of alternative plans to stop Snorlax, they agree on trying to put it asleep.	
Snorlax	pokemon	106	 A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	164	 A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	26	 Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick.	
Snorlax	pokemon	64	 Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick.	
Snorlax	pokemon	9	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Snorlax	pokemon	207	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Snorlax	pokemon	104	Later, as Ash and company leave the island, Ruby arrives to tell them that the islands stripped bare by Snorlax have since had new saplings regrow.	
Snorlax	pokemon	39	 Ruby thanks their help for containing Snorlax by giving Ash and company a bag of candied grapefruit peels.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick.	
Meowth	pokemon	7	 While Meowth notes at the hardness of the grapefruits (James opining that these are grapefruits which are grown not for the fruit but for candied peels), they manage to get the fruits that they need.	
Staryu	pokemon	134	 Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well.	
Staryu	pokemon	301	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
James	person	56	 While Meowth notes at the hardness of the grapefruits (James opining that these are grapefruits which are grown not for the fruit but for candied peels), they manage to get the fruits that they need.	
James	person	69	 A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax.	
Misty	person	98	 A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax.	
Arbok	pokemon	95	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Ruby	person	90	 However, just as they pick a grapefruit for themselves, they are stopped by a girl named Ruby, who mistakes them for thieves.	
Ruby	person	31	 After clearing the confusion, Ruby explains how they tend to the grapefruit trees to produce their high-quality grapefruits.	
Ruby	person	10	 However, Ruby also notes that they had been recently had a problem with thieves making off with the grapefruits.	
Ruby	person	60	 When the thieves strike again, Ash and company go and help Ruby.	
Ruby	person	62	 Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well.	
Ruby	person	7	 While Ruby and her crew try to pick the grapefruits as quickly as possible, Ash and company try to stop Snorlax.	
Ruby	person	49	As if by chance, Ash and company arrive to where Ruby is located just in time to see her staff asleep, with marking scattered about the faces of the workers.	
Ruby	person	44	Later, as Ash and company leave the island, Ruby arrives to tell them that the islands stripped bare by Snorlax have since had new saplings regrow.	
Ruby	person	1	 Ruby thanks their help for containing Snorlax by giving Ash and company a bag of candied grapefruit peels.	
Poké	item	120	 But in order to do so, they will first have to find Jigglypuff, and then, before anyone can fall asleep, catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Poké	item	233	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Slam	move	144	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Wrap	move	144	However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective.	
Ash	person	32	 When the thieves strike again, Ash and company go and help Ruby.	
Ash	person	34	 Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well.	
Ash	person	63	 However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.	
Ash	person	77	 While Ruby and her crew try to pick the grapefruits as quickly as possible, Ash and company try to stop Snorlax.	
Ash	person	60	 However, before they can make their getaway, Snorlax, with Ash and company, races towards them.	
Ash	person	14	 A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax.	
Ash	person	17	 Now left alone, Ash and company come up with a plan to have Jigglypuff sing to it.	
Ash	person	17	As if by chance, Ash and company arrive to where Ruby is located just in time to see her staff asleep, with marking scattered about the faces of the workers.	
Ash	person	38	 Surmising that Jigglypuff is nearby, Ash and company decide to build a stage for Jigglypuff, complete with colored markers and large signage.	
Ash	person	130	 Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	10	Later, as Ash and company leave the island, Ruby arrives to tell them that the islands stripped bare by Snorlax have since had new saplings regrow.	
Ash	person	57	 Ruby thanks their help for containing Snorlax by giving Ash and company a bag of candied grapefruit peels.	
