Pokémon Trainer	person	21	 He was a well-known Pokémon Trainer and managed to win the Orange League.	
Winner's Trophy	item	93	 After supper, they call Professor Oak, who tells them a 300 year-old official Orange League Winner's Trophy has been found.	
Pokémon Center	building	62	 They come across Moro Island and long for a nice meal at the Pokémon Center.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny is keeping the door and tells them the trophy has been stolen.	
Orange League	region	95	Ash is admiring his two Orange Crew Badges and Tracey tells him he needs two more to enter the Orange League.	
Orange League	region	79	 After supper, they call Professor Oak, who tells them a 300 year-old official Orange League Winner's Trophy has been found.	
Orange League	region	5	 The Orange League trophy is laying on a bedside table.	
Orange League	region	61	 He was a well-known Pokémon Trainer and managed to win the Orange League.	
Professor Oak	person	25	 After supper, they call Professor Oak, who tells them a 300 year-old official Orange League Winner's Trophy has been found.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket breaks into the museum and steals the trophy.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Not far from there, they find Team Rocket behind some bushes, mentioning their mischief during the previous night.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 Ash and friends begin chasing them, but Team Rocket escapes using a Seadra-shaped boat.	
Team Rocket	group	30	Suddenly, a thick fog catches Team Rocket, who eventually find an abandoned ship in the middle of the fog.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 After that, the two ghosts attack Team Rocket and haul them off.	
Team Rocket	group	102	Ash and friends find the ship and notice the Seadra-shaped boat is empty just next to it, a sign that Team Rocket is surely hiding in the ship.	
Team Rocket	group	104	 Ash and friends say they want the trophy for the museum, but Gastly and Haunter refuse to hand it over.Team Rocket gets to the cabin and starts fighting the ghosts to get the trophy back, but they are unsuccessful and faint.	
Moro Island	region	18	 They come across Moro Island and long for a nice meal at the Pokémon Center.	
Orange Crew	region	24	Ash is admiring his two Orange Crew Badges and Tracey tells him he needs two more to enter the Orange League.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur, but it stops its attack because it seemed the ghosts were playing with Togepi, not frightening it.	
Trainer	person	50	 Three centuries before, the Gastly and Haunter's Trainer was the captain of the ship.	
Trainer	person	30	 He was a well-known Pokémon Trainer and managed to win the Orange League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 They come across Moro Island and long for a nice meal at the Pokémon Center.	
Pokémon	pokemon	21	 He was a well-known Pokémon Trainer and managed to win the Orange League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Ash and friends understand the Pokémon's loyalty to their master even 300 years after and respect their decision.	
Haunter	pokemon	103	 So Misty calls for Staryu, who uncovers the true identity of the ghosts behind the sheets: Gastly and Haunter.	
Haunter	pokemon	73	 Ash and friends say they want the trophy for the museum, but Gastly and Haunter refuse to hand it over.	
Haunter	pokemon	1	 Haunter takes control of Meowth and makes it relay the history of the two ghosts.	
Haunter	pokemon	64	 Meanwhile, Gastly creates an illusion to show with images what Haunter was talking about.	
Haunter	pokemon	40	 Three centuries before, the Gastly and Haunter's Trainer was the captain of the ship.	
Haunter	pokemon	12	 Gastly and Haunter had watched over their master's trophy for three centuries until some weeks before, a group of researchers found the sunken ship and took the trophy away.	
Haunter	pokemon	5	When Haunter finishes talking, Meowth wakes up Jessie and James and they try to fight the ghosts again.	
Haunter	pokemon	40	 They finally say goodbye to Gastly and Haunter, who take the ship to the sky and take it to a place where it could not be found.	
Lapras	pokemon	19	 The heroes get on Lapras and continue the chase.	
Seadra	pokemon	69	 Ash and friends begin chasing them, but Team Rocket escapes using a Seadra-shaped boat.	
Seadra	pokemon	45	Ash and friends find the ship and notice the Seadra-shaped boat is empty just next to it, a sign that Team Rocket is surely hiding in the ship.	
Jessie	person	47	When Haunter finishes talking, Meowth wakes up Jessie and James and they try to fight the ghosts again.	
Meowth	pokemon	26	 Haunter takes control of Meowth and makes it relay the history of the two ghosts.	
Meowth	pokemon	31	When Haunter finishes talking, Meowth wakes up Jessie and James and they try to fight the ghosts again.	
Gastly	pokemon	92	 So Misty calls for Staryu, who uncovers the true identity of the ghosts behind the sheets: Gastly and Haunter.	
Gastly	pokemon	62	 Ash and friends say they want the trophy for the museum, but Gastly and Haunter refuse to hand it over.	
Gastly	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Gastly creates an illusion to show with images what Haunter was talking about.	
Gastly	pokemon	29	 Three centuries before, the Gastly and Haunter's Trainer was the captain of the ship.	
Gastly	pokemon	1	 Gastly and Haunter had watched over their master's trophy for three centuries until some weeks before, a group of researchers found the sunken ship and took the trophy away.	
Gastly	pokemon	29	 They finally say goodbye to Gastly and Haunter, who take the ship to the sky and take it to a place where it could not be found.	
Tracey	person	47	Ash is admiring his two Orange Crew Badges and Tracey tells him he needs two more to enter the Orange League.	
Tracey	person	16	 Ash, Misty and Tracey decide to investigate.	
Togepi	pokemon	44	 As they get on, Misty starts shivering and Togepi falls into a hole in the floor.	
Togepi	pokemon	29	 The gang starts looking for Togepi all around the ship, when they finally find it, playing with the two ghosts in one of the cabins.	
Togepi	pokemon	97	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur, but it stops its attack because it seemed the ghosts were playing with Togepi, not frightening it.	
Staryu	pokemon	20	 So Misty calls for Staryu, who uncovers the true identity of the ghosts behind the sheets: Gastly and Haunter.	
James	person	20	 During the escape, James accidentally falls and leaves his shape holding the trophy on the ground.	
James	person	62	 Now two ghosts begin harassing them and take the trophy from James's bag.	
James	person	58	When Haunter finishes talking, Meowth wakes up Jessie and James and they try to fight the ghosts again.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty and Tracey decide to investigate.	
Misty	person	17	 As they get on, Misty starts shivering and Togepi falls into a hole in the floor.	
Misty	person	4	 So Misty calls for Staryu, who uncovers the true identity of the ghosts behind the sheets: Gastly and Haunter.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wonders whether it would be easy to earn them.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash and his friends get to the museum, a crowd is waiting outside.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty and Tracey decide to investigate.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends begin chasing them, but Team Rocket escapes using a Seadra-shaped boat.	
Ash	person	65	 After that, the two ghosts attack Team Rocket and haul them off.Ash and friends find the ship and notice the Seadra-shaped boat is empty just next to it, a sign that Team Rocket is surely hiding in the ship.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Bulbasaur, but it stops its attack because it seemed the ghosts were playing with Togepi, not frightening it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends say they want the trophy for the museum, but Gastly and Haunter refuse to hand it over.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends understand the Pokémon's loyalty to their master even 300 years after and respect their decision.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says whether the captain was or not around there is not an excuse to take what belongs to him from where it belongs.	
Oak	person	35	 After supper, they call Professor Oak, who tells them a 300 year-old official Orange League Winner's Trophy has been found.	
