Magikarp Submarine	item	14	Team Rocket's Magikarp Submarine has washed up on rocks while Jessie and James initiate repairs.	
Golden Island	region	20	 On another island (Golden Island), people gather around a gold Meowth statue, wishing for the Great Meowth of Bounty to arrive as predicted, on the night of the full moon.	
Team Rocket	group	6	 When Team Rocket spots Ash and his friends in the distance, looking for an island to rest at, they decide to confront them.	
Team Rocket	group	48	 Meowth looks away as the statue hauls them off.Team Rocket manages to sneak back onto the island and watch Meowth enjoying himself.	
Thunderbolt	move	43	 They dodge and Ash attacks with Pikachu's Thunderbolt, but it does nothing.	
Submarine	item	23	Team Rocket's Magikarp Submarine has washed up on rocks while Jessie and James initiate repairs.	
Water Gun	move	35	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
Nidoking	pokemon	57	 At the stadium, a huge crowd watches as they send out a Nidoking to fight Meowth.	
Nidoking	pokemon	38	 Meowth can only run around and avoid Nidoking, exhausting him.	
Magikarp	pokemon	14	Team Rocket's Magikarp Submarine has washed up on rocks while Jessie and James initiate repairs.	
Magikarp	pokemon	26	 They all jump aboard the Magikarp submarine and leave, against the villagers' will.	
Squirtle	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
Pay Day	move	27	 James wants Meowth to use Pay Day so they can have money, but Meowth can't learn it because his ability to talk negates his ability to learn it.	
Pay Day	move	65	 The villagers decide to begin the ceremony that Meowth will use Pay Day to bring them happiness and prosperity, as the prophecy foretells.	
Pay Day	move	45	 It fails as Meowth admits that he can't use Pay Day.	
Pay Day	move	102	 Everyone is shocked, and the elder believes that Meowth needs battle experience to recall how to use Pay Day.	
Pay Day	move	93	 Jessie and James decide to make another attempt at giving Meowth battle experience to learn Pay Day, which shocks Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 They dodge and Ash attacks with Pikachu's Thunderbolt, but it does nothing.	
Jessie	person	62	Team Rocket's Magikarp Submarine has washed up on rocks while Jessie and James initiate repairs.	
Jessie	person	72	 He turns the argument around when he thinks James is hiding coins, and Jessie searches him, finding his favorite gold bottle cap.	
Jessie	person	54	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
Jessie	person	56	 Meowth follows soon after, but flies much farther than Jessie and James.	
Jessie	person	69	 As Meowth watches over the coast and plays a guitar, he wishes that Jessie and James were with him.	
Jessie	person	43	 The Meowth statue returns to the ark with Jessie and James in tow.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James, disguised as part of the villagers, watch their friend get hurt and decide to help Meowth.	
Jessie	person	15	 In actuality, Jessie was throwing her coins out onto the field.	
Jessie	person	65	 He notices the gold bottle cap atop the stack and realizes what Jessie and James did for him.	
Jessie	person	60	 Meowth tears up and runs away to the beach, trying to find Jessie and James.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James listen nearby as Meowth admits how close they are.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James step out and forgive Meowth.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James decide to make another attempt at giving Meowth battle experience to learn Pay Day, which shocks Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	13	 James wants Meowth to use Pay Day so they can have money, but Meowth can't learn it because his ability to talk negates his ability to learn it.	
Meowth	pokemon	63	 James wants Meowth to use Pay Day so they can have money, but Meowth can't learn it because his ability to talk negates his ability to learn it.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth follows soon after, but flies much farther than Jessie and James.	
Meowth	pokemon	64	 On another island (Golden Island), people gather around a gold Meowth statue, wishing for the Great Meowth of Bounty to arrive as predicted, on the night of the full moon.	
Meowth	pokemon	101	 On another island (Golden Island), people gather around a gold Meowth statue, wishing for the Great Meowth of Bounty to arrive as predicted, on the night of the full moon.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Meowth crashes on the beach of that island.	
Meowth	pokemon	24	 The island people find Meowth and take him inland, putting him in front of the statue.	
Meowth	pokemon	21	 The villagers honor Meowth with a fruit offering.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth's talking shocks the villagers, but they still accept him as the Meowth of Bounty.	
Meowth	pokemon	73	 Meowth's talking shocks the villagers, but they still accept him as the Meowth of Bounty.	
Meowth	pokemon	16	 Everyone hails Meowth as such and he decides to take advantage of it, snacking on all the fruit.	
Meowth	pokemon	18	 By the next day, Meowth begins to enjoy the humble treatment, ordering the villagers to bring him meatballs and entertainment.	
Meowth	pokemon	4	 As Meowth watches over the coast and plays a guitar, he wishes that Jessie and James were with him.	
Meowth	pokemon	23	 The villagers use the Meowth statue to confront Ash, attacking with its giant paw.	
Meowth	pokemon	5	 The Meowth statue returns to the ark with Jessie and James in tow.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth decides to lie by saying he doesn’t know them, for fear they will ruin his happiness as well.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth looks away as the statue hauls them off.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	Team Rocket manages to sneak back onto the island and watch Meowth enjoying himself.	
Meowth	pokemon	49	 The villagers decide to begin the ceremony that Meowth will use Pay Day to bring them happiness and prosperity, as the prophecy foretells.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	 Knowing that his inability to use the move will blow his cover, Meowth tries to leave, but the statue grabs Meowth and shakes him continually for coins.	
Meowth	pokemon	109	 Knowing that his inability to use the move will blow his cover, Meowth tries to leave, but the statue grabs Meowth and shakes him continually for coins.	
Meowth	pokemon	13	 It fails as Meowth admits that he can't use Pay Day.	
Meowth	pokemon	50	 Everyone is shocked, and the elder believes that Meowth needs battle experience to recall how to use Pay Day.	
Meowth	pokemon	13	 Even though Meowth argues that it won’t work, the villagers are adamant and take him to the stadium.	
Meowth	pokemon	75	 At the stadium, a huge crowd watches as they send out a Nidoking to fight Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth can only run around and avoid Nidoking, exhausting him.	
Meowth	pokemon	27	 They check for coins, but Meowth still hasn’t produced any.	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 The Onix knocks Meowth around and locks it in a Bind attack.	
Meowth	pokemon	102	 Jessie and James, disguised as part of the villagers, watch their friend get hurt and decide to help Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is bruised and battered, locked in Onix’s grasp, when suddenly a coin smacks into Onix.	
Meowth	pokemon	21	 The villagers thank Meowth for the coins, believing the prophecy has come true.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 They want Meowth to stay and rule them.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth is still shocked at how it happened as he looks at the coins.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tears up and runs away to the beach, trying to find Jessie and James.	
Meowth	pokemon	35	 Jessie and James listen nearby as Meowth admits how close they are.	
Meowth	pokemon	36	 The villagers want him to stay and Meowth comes clean.	
Meowth	pokemon	39	 Jessie and James step out and forgive Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	59	 Jessie and James decide to make another attempt at giving Meowth battle experience to learn Pay Day, which shocks Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	115	 Jessie and James decide to make another attempt at giving Meowth battle experience to learn Pay Day, which shocks Meowth.	
James	person	73	Team Rocket's Magikarp Submarine has washed up on rocks while Jessie and James initiate repairs.	
James	person	1	 James wants Meowth to use Pay Day so they can have money, but Meowth can't learn it because his ability to talk negates his ability to learn it.	
James	person	45	 He turns the argument around when he thinks James is hiding coins, and Jessie searches him, finding his favorite gold bottle cap.	
James	person	65	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
James	person	67	 Meowth follows soon after, but flies much farther than Jessie and James.	
James	person	80	 As Meowth watches over the coast and plays a guitar, he wishes that Jessie and James were with him.	
James	person	54	 The Meowth statue returns to the ark with Jessie and James in tow.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James, disguised as part of the villagers, watch their friend get hurt and decide to help Meowth.	
James	person	1	 James has no money, but he throws his three favorite gold bottle caps out there before they leave.	
James	person	76	 He notices the gold bottle cap atop the stack and realizes what Jessie and James did for him.	
James	person	71	 Meowth tears up and runs away to the beach, trying to find Jessie and James.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James listen nearby as Meowth admits how close they are.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James step out and forgive Meowth.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James decide to make another attempt at giving Meowth battle experience to learn Pay Day, which shocks Meowth.	
Water	type	35	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
Onix	pokemon	46	 They continue the training by sending out an Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	5	 The Onix knocks Meowth around and locks it in a Bind attack.	
Onix	pokemon	43	 Meowth is bruised and battered, locked in Onix’s grasp, when suddenly a coin smacks into Onix.	
Onix	pokemon	92	 Meowth is bruised and battered, locked in Onix’s grasp, when suddenly a coin smacks into Onix.	
Bind	move	49	 The Onix knocks Meowth around and locks it in a Bind attack.	
Ash	person	24	 When Team Rocket spots Ash and his friends in the distance, looking for an island to rest at, they decide to confront them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Squirtle to attack with Water Gun, sending Jessie and James blasting off.	
Ash	person	12	 He notices Ash and his friends approaching and knows that they will blow his cover.	
Ash	person	49	 The villagers use the Meowth statue to confront Ash, attacking with its giant paw.	
Ash	person	16	 They dodge and Ash attacks with Pikachu's Thunderbolt, but it does nothing.	
Ash	person	12	 Meanwhile, Ash and friends continue along, unaware of what really happened on the island.	
