Tracey's Pokémon	pokemon	26	 The group walks along as Tracey's Pokémon sense something nearby.	
Tracey's Pokémon	pokemon	25	 They continue along and Tracey's Pokémon spot something else.	
Tracey's Scyther	pokemon	1	 Tracey's Scyther cuts them loose and steps forward to confront Team Rocket.	
Tracey's Scyther	pokemon	60	The Scyther swarm washes off the glue as the new leader and Tracey's Scyther give respect to each other.	
Tracey's Scyther	pokemon	22	 The swarm departs as Tracey's Scyther regains its confidence, joining Tracey.	
Pokémon Center	building	7	At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther.	
Murcott Island	region	30	Ash and his friends arrive on Murcott Island.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	37	 Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt.	
Professor Oak	person	11	 Ash calls Professor Oak, the professor commending Tracey.	
Poison Sting	move	20	 Arbok attacks with Poison Sting as Scyther dodges.	
Poison Sting	move	61	 It collapses, low on stamina and unable to dodge the second Poison Sting.	
Sleep Powder	move	17	 Tracey orders a Sleep Powder attack.	
Swords Dance	move	28	 Scyther blows it away with Swords Dance, but it is still exhausted.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is flying over the island in their balloon surveying the land.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket gets out of the wreck and notices all the bug Pokémon around.	
Team Rocket	group	85	 The leader, denoted by two cuts forming a cross on its forehead, leads an attack on Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	81	 Oak suggests to Tracey to try to heal Scyther’s mood and get it back in shape.Team Rocket managed to outrun the Scyther swarm, but not without hits.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket watches the Scyther swarm resting at a pond.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Tracey and his friends follow.Team Rocket has the Scyther swarm in a net, Jessie beside herself in anger as she taunts the swarm.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 Tracey's Scyther cuts them loose and steps forward to confront Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away.	
Team Rocket	group	36	 The two Scyther team up and attack Team Rocket with Slash attacks against their Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	17	 Scyther attacks Team Rocket and leaves them with mohawks.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket retreats.	
Double Team	move	57	 Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground.	
Thunderbolt	move	66	 Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt.	
SmokeScreen	move	39	 Ash sends out Pikachu as Weezing uses SmokeScreen to cover the field.	
Razor Leaf	move	60	 Scyther lands and tries to rest as Victreebel attacks with Razor Leaf.	
Victreebel	pokemon	83	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Victreebel	pokemon	15	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Victreebel	pokemon	87	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Victreebel	pokemon	36	 Scyther lands and tries to rest as Victreebel attacks with Razor Leaf.	
Victreebel	pokemon	73	 Scyther stops the attack with its scythes as Tracey reveals how he knew Victreebel would use the move.	
Lickitung	pokemon	38	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Lickitung	pokemon	1	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Lickitung	pokemon	105	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Nurse Joy	person	24	At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther.	
Poké Ball	item	13	 He throws a Poké Ball, but Scyther swats it away, falling to its knees before struggling back up.	
Poké Ball	item	17	 Tracey tosses a Poké Ball, easily catching Scyther.	
Beedrill	pokemon	26	 Misty ducks at a passing Beedrill due to her fear of bugs.	
Beedrill	pokemon	3	 A Beedrill flies towards them and cuts through the balloon, bringing it down.	
Caterpie	pokemon	47	 Tracey uses his binoculars to spot a group of Caterpie.	
Scyther	pokemon	52	 Tracey follows as they come across a badly injured Scyther on the ground, nearly passed out from exhaustion.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther wakes up as Tracey tries to use a Potion, jumping back and assuming a battle position, but it is too weak to fight, barely able to stand.	
Scyther	pokemon	29	 He throws a Poké Ball, but Scyther swats it away, falling to its knees before struggling back up.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther tries to fly away and avoid the attack, but it falls back down, the attack hitting and putting it to sleep.	
Scyther	pokemon	45	 Tracey tosses a Poké Ball, easily catching Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	23	 They stumble across a Scyther swarm.	
Scyther	pokemon	54	At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	49	 Ash and his friends watch through the window as Scyther glares at Tracey, seemingly mad at being caught.	
Scyther	pokemon	16	 Chansey brings Scyther out of the room and takes it to recovery.	
Scyther	pokemon	82	 Joy concludes that it lost its swarm leadership position from battling a younger Scyther challenger.	
Scyther	pokemon	21	 Oak points out that Scyther's self-esteem is probably low due to losing leadership and being caught.	
Scyther	pokemon	39	 Oak suggests to Tracey to try to heal Scyther’s mood and get it back in shape.	
Scyther	pokemon	34	Team Rocket managed to outrun the Scyther swarm, but not without hits.	
Scyther	pokemon	69	 After checking it, she is clearly outraged, wanting to confront the Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	33	 Meanwhile, Tracey tries to help Scyther recover, but it is resistant.	
Scyther	pokemon	11	 Ash knows Scyther loves battling and that Tracey should work to help Scyther prepare for a rematch.	
Scyther	pokemon	70	 Ash knows Scyther loves battling and that Tracey should work to help Scyther prepare for a rematch.	
Scyther	pokemon	25	 Team Rocket watches the Scyther swarm resting at a pond.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther hears the cry as Joy removes its bandages.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther flies up and crashes through the window, heading away.	
Scyther	pokemon	22	 Tracey tries to stop Scyther, but it resists and flies away.	
Scyther	pokemon	20	Team Rocket has the Scyther swarm in a net, Jessie beside herself in anger as she taunts the swarm.	
Scyther	pokemon	10	 Tracey's Scyther cuts them loose and steps forward to confront Team Rocket.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther blows it away with Swords Dance, but it is still exhausted.	
Scyther	pokemon	24	 Meowth translates that Scyther came back not to challenge the leader but to protect its brethren.	
Scyther	pokemon	34	 Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away.	
Scyther	pokemon	88	 Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away.	
Scyther	pokemon	62	 Ash tries to order Pikachu in, but Tracey stops him to allow Scyther to prove itself.	
Scyther	pokemon	67	 Meowth even joins the Pokémon to attack, leading the charge, but Scyther easily swats him away.	
Scyther	pokemon	37	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Scyther	pokemon	69	 Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung.	
Scyther	pokemon	31	 Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground.	
Scyther	pokemon	44	 Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther lands and tries to rest as Victreebel attacks with Razor Leaf.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther stops the attack with its scythes as Tracey reveals how he knew Victreebel would use the move.	
Scyther	pokemon	36	 Arbok attacks with Poison Sting as Scyther dodges.	
Scyther	pokemon	9	 The two Scyther team up and attack Team Rocket with Slash attacks against their Pokémon.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther attacks Team Rocket and leaves them with mohawks.	
Scyther	pokemon	4	The Scyther swarm washes off the glue as the new leader and Tracey's Scyther give respect to each other.	
Scyther	pokemon	69	The Scyther swarm washes off the glue as the new leader and Tracey's Scyther give respect to each other.	
Scyther	pokemon	31	 The swarm departs as Tracey's Scyther regains its confidence, joining Tracey.	
Chansey	pokemon	38	At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther.	
Chansey	pokemon	1	 Chansey brings Scyther out of the room and takes it to recovery.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Ash attempts to send Pikachu to battle, but Tracey steps in with his Venonat.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Pikachu as Weezing uses SmokeScreen to cover the field.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 Ash tries to order Pikachu in, but Tracey stops him to allow Scyther to prove itself.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt.	
Venonat	pokemon	70	 At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island.	
Venonat	pokemon	70	 Ash attempts to send Pikachu to battle, but Tracey steps in with his Venonat.	
Weezing	pokemon	71	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Weezing	pokemon	26	 Ash sends out Pikachu as Weezing uses SmokeScreen to cover the field.	
Murcott	region	30	Ash and his friends arrive on Murcott Island.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 The group walks along as Tracey's Pokémon sense something nearby.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Tracey warns her of a Pokémon in her path as she stumbles across a hiding Pinsir, sending Misty running the other way.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 They continue along and Tracey's Pokémon spot something else.	
Pokémon	pokemon	59	 Team Rocket gets out of the wreck and notices all the bug Pokémon around.	
Pokémon	pokemon	7	At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Meowth even joins the Pokémon to attack, leading the charge, but Scyther easily swats him away.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 The two Scyther team up and attack Team Rocket with Slash attacks against their Pokémon.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex as Tracey steps forward to treat it.	
Marill	pokemon	59	 At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island.	
Lapras	pokemon	31	 At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island.	
Pinsir	pokemon	76	 Tracey warns her of a Pokémon in her path as she stumbles across a hiding Pinsir, sending Misty running the other way.	
Jessie	person	25	 Meowth and James notify Jessie that her hair was crudely cut short.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie fires a bazooka loaded with yellow glue into the air, coming down and immobilizing the swarm.	
Jessie	person	44	Team Rocket has the Scyther swarm in a net, Jessie beside herself in anger as she taunts the swarm.	
Jessie	person	37	 Ash and the others arrive, noticing Jessie’s hair and quickly making fun of her.	
Jessie	person	10	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth and James notify Jessie that her hair was crudely cut short.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth stops her to help plan a method to capture the entire swarm.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth fires a net as the swarm cries out.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth translates that Scyther came back not to challenge the leader but to protect its brethren.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth even joins the Pokémon to attack, leading the charge, but Scyther easily swats him away.	
Potion	item	43	 Scyther wakes up as Tracey tries to use a Potion, jumping back and assuming a battle position, but it is too weak to fight, barely able to stand.	
Tracey	person	41	 At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey reveals that the island is famous for housing plenty of Bug types.	
Tracey	person	66	 Misty wants to stay on the beach to avoid exploring as Ash tells Tracey of her fear.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey taunts her by calling her a chicken, persuading her to follow.	
Tracey	person	26	 The group walks along as Tracey's Pokémon sense something nearby.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey uses his binoculars to spot a group of Caterpie.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey warns her of a Pokémon in her path as she stumbles across a hiding Pinsir, sending Misty running the other way.	
Tracey	person	25	 They continue along and Tracey's Pokémon spot something else.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey follows as they come across a badly injured Scyther on the ground, nearly passed out from exhaustion.	
Tracey	person	28	 Ash checks his Pokédex as Tracey steps forward to treat it.	
Tracey	person	21	 Scyther wakes up as Tracey tries to use a Potion, jumping back and assuming a battle position, but it is too weak to fight, barely able to stand.	
Tracey	person	45	 Ash attempts to send Pikachu to battle, but Tracey steps in with his Venonat.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey orders a Sleep Powder attack.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey tosses a Poké Ball, easily catching Scyther.	
Tracey	person	67	 Ash and his friends watch through the window as Scyther glares at Tracey, seemingly mad at being caught.	
Tracey	person	51	 Ash calls Professor Oak, the professor commending Tracey.	
Tracey	person	17	 Oak suggests to Tracey to try to heal Scyther’s mood and get it back in shape.	
Tracey	person	12	 Meanwhile, Tracey tries to help Scyther recover, but it is resistant.	
Tracey	person	43	 Ash knows Scyther loves battling and that Tracey should work to help Scyther prepare for a rematch.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey tries to stop Scyther, but it resists and flies away.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey and his friends follow.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey's Scyther cuts them loose and steps forward to confront Team Rocket.	
Tracey	person	36	 Ash tries to order Pikachu in, but Tracey stops him to allow Scyther to prove itself.	
Tracey	person	46	 Scyther stops the attack with its scythes as Tracey reveals how he knew Victreebel would use the move.	
Tracey	person	60	The Scyther swarm washes off the glue as the new leader and Tracey's Scyther give respect to each other.	
Tracey	person	22	 The swarm departs as Tracey's Scyther regains its confidence, joining Tracey.	
Tracey	person	71	 The swarm departs as Tracey's Scyther regains its confidence, joining Tracey.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey officially announces his catch as Ash tries to correct his style to resemble how Ash celebrates his catches.	
Sleep	item	17	 Tracey orders a Sleep Powder attack.	
James	person	12	 Meowth and James notify Jessie that her hair was crudely cut short.	
James	person	54	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty ducks at a passing Beedrill due to her fear of bugs.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wants to stay on the beach to avoid exploring as Ash tells Tracey of her fear.	
Misty	person	29	 Ash wants to catch one, but Misty pulls him away.	
Misty	person	92	 Tracey warns her of a Pokémon in her path as she stumbles across a hiding Pinsir, sending Misty running the other way.	
Slash	move	53	 The two Scyther team up and attack Team Rocket with Slash attacks against their Pokémon.	
Arbok	pokemon	28	 Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground.	
Arbok	pokemon	78	 Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground.	
Arbok	pokemon	1	 Arbok attacks with Poison Sting as Scyther dodges.	
Poké	item	13	 He throws a Poké Ball, but Scyther swats it away, falling to its knees before struggling back up.	
Poké	item	17	 Tracey tosses a Poké Ball, easily catching Scyther.	
Bug	type	64	 Tracey reveals that the island is famous for housing plenty of Bug types.	
Ash	person	15	 At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island.	
Ash	person	56	 Misty wants to stay on the beach to avoid exploring as Ash tells Tracey of her fear.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wants to catch one, but Misty pulls him away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex as Tracey steps forward to treat it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash steps forward to try to catch it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to send Pikachu to battle, but Tracey steps in with his Venonat.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends watch through the window as Scyther glares at Tracey, seemingly mad at being caught.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Professor Oak, the professor commending Tracey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash knows Scyther loves battling and that Tracey should work to help Scyther prepare for a rematch.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and the others arrive, noticing Jessie’s hair and quickly making fun of her.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Pikachu as Weezing uses SmokeScreen to cover the field.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to order Pikachu in, but Tracey stops him to allow Scyther to prove itself.	
Ash	person	37	 Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt.	
Ash	person	42	 Tracey officially announces his catch as Ash tries to correct his style to resemble how Ash celebrates his catches.	
Ash	person	89	 Tracey officially announces his catch as Ash tries to correct his style to resemble how Ash celebrates his catches.	
Oak	person	21	 Ash calls Professor Oak, the professor commending Tracey.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak points out that Scyther's self-esteem is probably low due to losing leadership and being caught.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak suggests to Tracey to try to heal Scyther’s mood and get it back in shape.	
