James's Victreebel	pokemon	1	 James's Victreebel stops sending the powder as Jessie fires a bazooka, capturing everyone with suction plugs.	
Coral Eye Badge	item	160	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Sea Ruby Badge	item	180	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
ThunderShock	move	75	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Sleep Powder	move	38	 Misty wakes up to his talking, but a Sleep Powder attack over the camp silences all but Charizard and Scyther.	
Flamethrower	move	36	 Ash walks closer as Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash.	
Flamethrower	move	27	 Charizard follows up with Flamethrower as Scyther uses Skull Bash to send them blasting off.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	60	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Swords Dance	move	55	 Weezing's SmokeScreen covers the field, but Scyther's Swords Dance clears it and sends Weezing flying.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket is also taking their vacation on the island.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Ash’s group enjoys the break as Team Rocket observes nearby, deciding to poach all the Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket rappels in on a zip-line reciting their motto, crashing into a tree before they can finish, which makes them say their final lines incoherently due to being stunned from the impact.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket sends out Arbok and Weezing as Ash sends Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	98	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket winds up stuck on a small rock island.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 They all smack Team Rocket with their sticks.	
SmokeScreen	move	11	 Weezing's SmokeScreen covers the field, but Scyther's Swords Dance clears it and sends Weezing flying.	
Victreebel	pokemon	9	 James's Victreebel stops sending the powder as Jessie fires a bazooka, capturing everyone with suction plugs.	
Skull Bash	move	56	 Charizard follows up with Flamethrower as Scyther uses Skull Bash to send them blasting off.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	22	 As they head for it, Jigglypuff surfaces nearby.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	18	 Inside the pile, Jigglypuff pops out and sings, putting everyone to sleep.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	11	 As usual, Jigglypuff stops, gets angry and draws on everyone.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	53	 A piece of fruit hits Ash in the head as they see a Farfetch'd flying above them.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	24	 They try to relax as a Farfetch'd comes up.	
Farfetch'd	pokemon	40	 They find out the small rock holds the Farfetch'd flock.	
Vine Whip	move	50	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Poké Ball	item	82	 Ash is out on the beach, speculating about the GS Ball, comparing it to a normal Poké Ball.	
Water Gun	move	61	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Charizard	pokemon	46	 Ash brings out his Pokémon, his Snorlax and Charizard quickly going to sleep.	
Charizard	pokemon	14	 Ash calls to Charizard to greet, but it looks away.	
Charizard	pokemon	21	 Ash walks closer as Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard notices as Scyther steps closer.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard stands up, as the two seem ready to fight.	
Charizard	pokemon	68	 Scyther flexes its power while training in the middle of the pond, Charizard watching with intent.	
Charizard	pokemon	89	 Misty wakes up to his talking, but a Sleep Powder attack over the camp silences all but Charizard and Scyther.	
Charizard	pokemon	29	 Scyther slashes the rope as Charizard steps up to aid.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard follows up with Flamethrower as Scyther uses Skull Bash to send them blasting off.	
Charizard	pokemon	46	 Ash congratulates the Pokémon as they watch Charizard and Scyther walk away in an informal respect motion.	
Squirtle	pokemon	12	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Goldeen	pokemon	21	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Goldeen	pokemon	122	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
GS Ball	item	48	 Ash is out on the beach, speculating about the GS Ball, comparing it to a normal Poké Ball.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther shows off its strength, scaring some of the Pokémon.	
Scyther	pokemon	37	 Togepi is not afraid, walking up to Scyther and playing.	
Scyther	pokemon	30	 The attack also heads toward Scyther, but it deflects it with its scythes.	
Scyther	pokemon	22	 Charizard notices as Scyther steps closer.	
Scyther	pokemon	59	 bring back fruit as Snorlax attempts to eat the pile, but Scyther wards him away.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther flexes its power while training in the middle of the pond, Charizard watching with intent.	
Scyther	pokemon	103	 Misty wakes up to his talking, but a Sleep Powder attack over the camp silences all but Charizard and Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	1	 Scyther slashes the rope as Charizard steps up to aid.	
Scyther	pokemon	45	 Weezing's SmokeScreen covers the field, but Scyther's Swords Dance clears it and sends Weezing flying.	
Scyther	pokemon	43	 Charizard follows up with Flamethrower as Scyther uses Skull Bash to send them blasting off.	
Scyther	pokemon	60	 Ash congratulates the Pokémon as they watch Charizard and Scyther walk away in an informal respect motion.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu points to a nearby island, which they mark as their destination.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 They touch down in a cove as Pikachu and Togepi run off while the humans take in the island scenery.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Togepi return with some fruit as Pikachu points to all the fruit trees.	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 Pikachu and Togepi return with some fruit as Pikachu points to all the fruit trees.	
Pikachu	pokemon	34	At night, everyone is asleep, but Pikachu wakes up and notices Ash is not there.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu comes over as they watch the stars bright and clear.	
Pikachu	pokemon	78	 The powerful Pokémon roar battle cries, waking the camp and getting Ash and Pikachu to return.	
Pikachu	pokemon	54	 Team Rocket sends out Arbok and Weezing as Ash sends Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Weezing	pokemon	33	 Team Rocket sends out Arbok and Weezing as Ash sends Pikachu.	
Weezing	pokemon	1	 Weezing's SmokeScreen covers the field, but Scyther's Swords Dance clears it and sends Weezing flying.	
Weezing	pokemon	88	 Weezing's SmokeScreen covers the field, but Scyther's Swords Dance clears it and sends Weezing flying.	
Psyduck	pokemon	18	 Misty brings out Psyduck, but it is already out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	 Ash brings out his Pokémon, his Snorlax and Charizard quickly going to sleep.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Tracey brings out his Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 Scyther shows off its strength, scaring some of the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Pokémon	pokemon	90	 Ash’s group enjoys the break as Team Rocket observes nearby, deciding to poach all the Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	5	 The Pokémon enjoy their share of fruit as everyone realizes how much they need the vacation.	
Pokémon	pokemon	14	 The powerful Pokémon roar battle cries, waking the camp and getting Ash and Pikachu to return.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Ash congratulates the Pokémon as they watch Charizard and Scyther walk away in an informal respect motion.	
Snorlax	pokemon	34	 Ash brings out his Pokémon, his Snorlax and Charizard quickly going to sleep.	
Snorlax	pokemon	21	 bring back fruit as Snorlax attempts to eat the pile, but Scyther wards him away.	
Snorlax	pokemon	44	 When everyone wakes up, they decide to let Snorlax sleep longer while they continue preparing.	
Snorlax	pokemon	1	 Snorlax comes up and takes the entire plate, sliding the contents into its mouth.	
Snorlax	pokemon	21	 Tracey notices that Snorlax doesn't eat as much now due to less energy exertion.	
Snorlax	pokemon	41	 Misty slams Ash for not really training Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	39	 Meowth tries to reel them all in, but Snorlax is too heavy to drag.	
Marill	pokemon	82	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Marill	pokemon	33	 Togepi seems happy playing with Marill's tail.	
Lapras	pokemon	33	Ash and his friends sail onboard Lapras, but all of them seem bored.	
Lapras	pokemon	66	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	97	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Lapras	pokemon	30	 The next day, Ash brings out Lapras as everyone departs the island with refreshed spirits.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Jessie	person	48	 James's Victreebel stops sending the powder as Jessie fires a bazooka, capturing everyone with suction plugs.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries to reel them all in, but Snorlax is too heavy to drag.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth jumps in and gets them in line with scratches to the face.	
Tracey	person	44	 A whole flock takes off from the island as Tracey sketches them.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey finds some darker ones that are riper.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey brings out his Pokémon.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey brings fruit sandwiches to the table as Misty is curious about the new food style.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey notices that Snorlax doesn't eat as much now due to less energy exertion.	
Tracey	person	19	 Back at the camp, Tracey talks in his sleep about finding and sketching the Legendary birds.	
Togepi	pokemon	42	 They touch down in a cove as Pikachu and Togepi run off while the humans take in the island scenery.	
Togepi	pokemon	13	 Pikachu and Togepi return with some fruit as Pikachu points to all the fruit trees.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi is not afraid, walking up to Scyther and playing.	
Togepi	pokemon	62	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi seems happy playing with Marill's tail.	
Staryu	pokemon	33	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Staryu	pokemon	134	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Sleep	item	38	 Misty wakes up to his talking, but a Sleep Powder attack over the camp silences all but Charizard and Scyther.	
James	person	1	 James's Victreebel stops sending the powder as Jessie fires a bazooka, capturing everyone with suction plugs.	
Kanto	region	110	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Danny	person	68	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty take a bit of the yellow fruit, finding them sour.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty brings out Psyduck, but it is already out.	
Misty	person	48	 Tracey brings fruit sandwiches to the table as Misty is curious about the new food style.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty slams Ash for not really training Snorlax.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty wakes up to his talking, but a Sleep Powder attack over the camp silences all but Charizard and Scyther.	
Water	type	61	 Bulbasaur, Squirtle and Pikachu take turns using Vine Whip, Water Gun and ThunderShock to attack Team Rocket.	
Badge	item	170	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Badge	item	189	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Cissy	person	58	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Arbok	pokemon	23	 Team Rocket sends out Arbok and Weezing as Ash sends Pikachu.	
Ruby	person	184	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Poké	item	82	 Ash is out on the beach, speculating about the GS Ball, comparing it to a normal Poké Ball.	
Gym	building	82	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Gym	building	116	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Ash	person	60	 Misty sends out her Goldeen and Staryu to play, along with Ash's Lapras.	
Ash	person	23	 A piece of fruit hits Ash in the head as they see a Farfetch'd flying above them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty take a bit of the yellow fruit, finding them sour.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash brings out his Pokémon, his Snorlax and Charizard quickly going to sleep.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls to Charizard to greet, but it looks away.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash walks closer as Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash.	
Ash	person	52	 Ash walks closer as Charizard uses Flamethrower on Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash stops them as the two turn away.	
Ash	person	169	 Jessie decides to not steal any Pokémon, but when she spots Togepi playing with Marill nearby, Lapras eating algae, and Goldeen and Staryu swimming, they realize that Ash and his friends are nearby.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash’s group enjoys the break as Team Rocket observes nearby, deciding to poach all the Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and co.	
Ash	person	13	 Misty slams Ash for not really training Snorlax.	
Ash	person	63	At night, everyone is asleep, but Pikachu wakes up and notices Ash is not there.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is out on the beach, speculating about the GS Ball, comparing it to a normal Poké Ball.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash pulls out his two Badges and remembers how different Cissy and Danny were as Gym Leaders compared to the Kanto Gym Leaders, reflecting on his wins for the Coral Eye Badge and Sea Ruby Badge, wondering about the next one.	
Ash	person	70	 The powerful Pokémon roar battle cries, waking the camp and getting Ash and Pikachu to return.	
Ash	person	44	 Team Rocket sends out Arbok and Weezing as Ash sends Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash congratulates the Pokémon as they watch Charizard and Scyther walk away in an informal respect motion.	
Ash	person	15	 The next day, Ash brings out Lapras as everyone departs the island with refreshed spirits.	
