Indigo Plateau Conference	event	116	 Prima asks Ash if he knows what he's doing, and he defends himself by saying that he was in the top sixteen in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Mandarin Island	region	30	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are on Mandarin Island, and Ash is on a winning streak.	
Mandarin Island	region	65	Later, Ash and his friends watch Prima battle from the stands of Mandarin Island Stadium.	
Mandarin Island	region	128	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Pokémon Master	person	55	 She tells Ash that he has the skills he needs to be a Pokémon Master, but he needs to remember that his Pokémon are the ones who win the Badges.	
Trovita Island	region	58	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Indigo Plateau	region	116	 Prima asks Ash if he knows what he's doing, and he defends himself by saying that he was in the top sixteen in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Orange League	region	62	 She then tells him that if he wins all the Gym Badges in the Orange League, he'll be presented with an "Honorable Trainer" trophy.	
Flamethrower	move	21	 Charizard then uses Flamethrower, knocking out Tauros in one hit.	
Quick Attack	move	17	 Pikachu tries a Quick Attack, but is pummeled by Aurora Beam and Take Down.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket has also snuck in dressed as food vendors.	
Team Rocket	group	6	 It's Team Rocket, and they ask if Prima has a recording of her lecture on a CD.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket falls out of their balloon, then says their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	51	She sends out Jynx, who uses Ice Punch and freezes Team Rocket.	
Aurora Beam	move	50	 Pikachu tries a Quick Attack, but is pummeled by Aurora Beam and Take Down.	
Thunderbolt	move	16	 It unleashes a Thunderbolt attack, but Squirtle uses Withdraw.	
Thunderbolt	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt, but Cloyster Withdraws into its shell.	
Razor Leaf	move	47	 He finishes off a Butterfree with Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf.	
Butterfree	pokemon	19	 He finishes off a Butterfree with Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf.	
Ice Punch	move	29	She sends out Jynx, who uses Ice Punch and freezes Team Rocket.	
Poké Ball	item	50	 Ash tries to call it back, but the beam from the Poké Ball misses.	
Water Gun	move	14	Squirtle uses Water Gun, but Persian dodges it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	35	 He finishes off a Butterfree with Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf.	
Charizard	pokemon	38	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.	
Charizard	pokemon	78	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard then uses Flamethrower, knocking out Tauros in one hit.	
Charizard	pokemon	123	 When Ash gets Flamethrowered again, Prima is forced to intervene, sending out her Slowbro, who uses Disable, immobilizing Charizard in midair.	
Take Down	move	40	Prima continues to watch as Tauros uses Take Down.	
Take Down	move	66	 Pikachu tries a Quick Attack, but is pummeled by Aurora Beam and Take Down.	
Withdraw	move	54	 It unleashes a Thunderbolt attack, but Squirtle uses Withdraw.	
Cloyster	pokemon	37	 Ash uses Pikachu, and Prima chooses Cloyster.	
Cloyster	pokemon	31	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt, but Cloyster Withdraws into its shell.	
Cloyster	pokemon	46	 Pikachu uses Agility, but is knocked back by Cloyster's Reflect attack.	
Cloyster	pokemon	42	 Pikachu uses Thunder which hits but then Cloyster starts to glow red.	
Cloyster	pokemon	17	Prima calls back Cloyster, and looks at Pikachu to see if he is okay.	
Blizzard	move	16	 Jynx then uses Blizzard and blows them into the sky.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Squirtle, and the boy releases a Persian.Squirtle uses Water Gun, but Persian dodges it.	
Squirtle	pokemon	56	 Ash sends out Squirtle, and the boy releases a Persian.Squirtle uses Water Gun, but Persian dodges it.	
Squirtle	pokemon	40	 It unleashes a Thunderbolt attack, but Squirtle uses Withdraw.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle then pops out of its shell and Skull Bashes Persian, and knocks it out.	
Squirtle	pokemon	46	 The boy then sends out a Tauros, who Tackles Squirtle right away knocking it out.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.	
Trovita	building	58	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Persian	pokemon	48	 Ash sends out Squirtle, and the boy releases a Persian.	
Persian	pokemon	29	Squirtle uses Water Gun, but Persian dodges it.	
Persian	pokemon	54	 Squirtle then pops out of its shell and Skull Bashes Persian, and knocks it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 Ash uses Pikachu, and Prima chooses Cloyster.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunderbolt, but Cloyster Withdraws into its shell.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Agility, but is knocked back by Cloyster's Reflect attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses Thunder which hits but then Cloyster starts to glow red.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries a Quick Attack, but is pummeled by Aurora Beam and Take Down.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	Prima calls back Cloyster, and looks at Pikachu to see if he is okay.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 They then decided to stick with the program and steal Pikachu.	
Agility	move	14	 Pikachu uses Agility, but is knocked back by Cloyster's Reflect attack.	
Thunder	move	14	 Pikachu uses Thunder which hits but then Cloyster starts to glow red.	
Trainer	person	115	 She then tells him that if he wins all the Gym Badges in the Orange League, he'll be presented with an "Honorable Trainer" trophy.	
Reflect	move	57	 Pikachu uses Agility, but is knocked back by Cloyster's Reflect attack.	
Disable	move	101	 When Ash gets Flamethrowered again, Prima is forced to intervene, sending out her Slowbro, who uses Disable, immobilizing Charizard in midair.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 As Prima watches, Ash offers to let the boy set up the rules and they agree on two Pokémon each.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 James now fully recognizes Prima, and they plan to steal her Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	63	 The demonstration goes on for a while and Prima defeats every Pokémon she goes up against.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 As Misty and Tracey thank her for inviting them and rave about her Pokémon, Ash sits in silence.	
Pokémon	pokemon	19	 They agree on one Pokémon each, and send out their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	53	 They agree on one Pokémon each, and send out their Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	55	 She tells Ash that he has the skills he needs to be a Pokémon Master, but he needs to remember that his Pokémon are the ones who win the Badges.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 She tells Ash that he has the skills he needs to be a Pokémon Master, but he needs to remember that his Pokémon are the ones who win the Badges.	
Pokémon	pokemon	29	 She tells him that with his Pokémon and friends at his side, he'll always succeed.	
Pokémon	pokemon	71	 Misty correctly guesses that their original plan was to steal Prima's Pokémon, but they tell her that they figured they'd lose.	
Lorelei	person	74	As Ash and Misty eat, Tracey tells them that Prima (known in the games as Lorelei) is going to give a lecture on the island.	
Slowbro	pokemon	83	 When Ash gets Flamethrowered again, Prima is forced to intervene, sending out her Slowbro, who uses Disable, immobilizing Charizard in midair.	
Tauros	pokemon	26	 The boy then sends out a Tauros, who Tackles Squirtle right away knocking it out.	
Tauros	pokemon	28	Prima continues to watch as Tauros uses Take Down.	
Tauros	pokemon	48	 Charizard then uses Flamethrower, knocking out Tauros in one hit.	
Jessie	person	45	Nearby, Meowth watches from the bushes while Jessie and James eat.	
Meowth	pokemon	8	Nearby, Meowth watches from the bushes while Jessie and James eat.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are on Mandarin Island, and Ash is on a winning streak.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey then gets something to eat.	
Tracey	person	22	As Ash and Misty eat, Tracey tells them that Prima (known in the games as Lorelei) is going to give a lecture on the island.	
Tracey	person	38	 Misty is ecstatic, and tells Ash and Tracey that Prima is her hero.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey introduce themselves while Ash chokes on his sandwich.	
Tracey	person	14	 As Misty and Tracey thank her for inviting them and rave about her Pokémon, Ash sits in silence.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey warns Ash that this is Rage, which increases its Attack level.	
Togepi	pokemon	57	 She walks past them, however, and bends down to look at Togepi.	
Prima	person	45	As Ash and Misty eat, Tracey tells them that Prima (known in the games as Lorelei) is going to give a lecture on the island.	
Prima	person	50	 Misty is ecstatic, and tells Ash and Tracey that Prima is her hero.	
Prima	person	48	 She hears a voice behind her, and turns to see Prima herself!	
Prima	person	58	 They peer through their binoculars, and James recognizes Prima.	
Prima	person	1	 Prima looks out at the ocean, and makes many philosophical comments about nature.	
Prima	person	5	 But Prima continues to ignore him.	
Prima	person	4	 As Prima watches, Ash offers to let the boy set up the rules and they agree on two Pokémon each.	
Prima	person	105	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.Prima continues to watch as Tauros uses Take Down.	
Prima	person	37	 When Ash gets Flamethrowered again, Prima is forced to intervene, sending out her Slowbro, who uses Disable, immobilizing Charizard in midair.	
Prima	person	1	 Prima asks Ash if he knows what he's doing, and he defends himself by saying that he was in the top sixteen in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Prima	person	1	 Prima isn't impressed and starts to leave.	
Prima	person	33	Later, Ash and his friends watch Prima battle from the stands of Mandarin Island Stadium.	
Prima	person	28	 James now fully recognizes Prima, and they plan to steal her Pokémon.	
Prima	person	43	 The demonstration goes on for a while and Prima defeats every Pokémon she goes up against.	
Prima	person	26	 After the demonstration, Prima invites Ash and his friends to her house for some tea.	
Prima	person	58	 Suddenly, he speaks up and announces his suspicions that Prima is trying to teach him reverse psychology (or perverse psychology, as he calls it).	
Prima	person	1	 Prima tells them that every person has a particular way of acting in and out of battle.	
Prima	person	31	Ash then once again challenges Prima to a battle which she accepts.	
Prima	person	23	 Ash uses Pikachu, and Prima chooses Cloyster.	
Prima	person	11	 Ash loses.Prima calls back Cloyster, and looks at Pikachu to see if he is okay.	
Prima	person	17	 Ash then thanks Prima.	
Prima	person	35	 It's Team Rocket, and they ask if Prima has a recording of her lecture on a CD.	
Prima	person	63	 Misty correctly guesses that their original plan was to steal Prima's Pokémon, but they tell her that they figured they'd lose.	
Prima	person	30	 Ash gets ready to fight, but Prima tells him that she'll take care of it.	
Prima	person	15	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Prima	person	27	 Ash and his friends thank Prima again for everything that she taught him.	
James	person	56	Nearby, Meowth watches from the bushes while Jessie and James eat.	
James	person	41	 They peer through their binoculars, and James recognizes Prima.	
James	person	1	 James now fully recognizes Prima, and they plan to steal her Pokémon.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are on Mandarin Island, and Ash is on a winning streak.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey then gets something to eat.	
Misty	person	11	As Ash and Misty eat, Tracey tells them that Prima (known in the games as Lorelei) is going to give a lecture on the island.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is ecstatic, and tells Ash and Tracey that Prima is her hero.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey introduce themselves while Ash chokes on his sandwich.	
Misty	person	4	 As Misty and Tracey thank her for inviting them and rave about her Pokémon, Ash sits in silence.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty correctly guesses that their original plan was to steal Prima's Pokémon, but they tell her that they figured they'd lose.	
Water	type	14	Squirtle uses Water Gun, but Persian dodges it.	
Jynx	pokemon	14	She sends out Jynx, who uses Ice Punch and freezes Team Rocket.	
Jynx	pokemon	1	 Jynx then uses Blizzard and blows them into the sky.	
Poké	item	50	 Ash tries to call it back, but the beam from the Poké Ball misses.	
Rage	move	31	 Tracey warns Ash that this is Rage, which increases its Attack level.	
Gym	building	44	 She then tells him that if he wins all the Gym Badges in the Orange League, he'll be presented with an "Honorable Trainer" trophy.	
Gym	building	48	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Ash	person	51	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are on Mandarin Island, and Ash is on a winning streak.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash starts to get a bit full of himself, then lets known the fact that he is hungry.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and Misty eat, Tracey tells them that Prima (known in the games as Lorelei) is going to give a lecture on the island.	
Ash	person	30	 Misty is ecstatic, and tells Ash and Tracey that Prima is her hero.	
Ash	person	45	 Misty and Tracey introduce themselves while Ash chokes on his sandwich.	
Ash	person	9	 But all Ash wants is a battle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash interprets this to mean that she's afraid to battle and goes off in search of someone else.	
Ash	person	19	 As Prima watches, Ash offers to let the boy set up the rules and they agree on two Pokémon each.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Squirtle, and the boy releases a Persian.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.	
Ash	person	53	 Ash withdraws Squirtle and sends out Charizard, but Ash still cannot control Charizard and it burns him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to call it back, but the beam from the Poké Ball misses.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash gets Flamethrowered again, Prima is forced to intervene, sending out her Slowbro, who uses Disable, immobilizing Charizard in midair.	
Ash	person	43	 It then brings it down to the ground, and Ash succeeds in calling it back.	
Ash	person	12	 Prima asks Ash if he knows what he's doing, and he defends himself by saying that he was in the top sixteen in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Ash	person	7	Later, Ash and his friends watch Prima battle from the stands of Mandarin Island Stadium.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash watches intently, determined to try to pick up some tips.	
Ash	person	40	 After the demonstration, Prima invites Ash and his friends to her house for some tea.	
Ash	person	78	 As Misty and Tracey thank her for inviting them and rave about her Pokémon, Ash sits in silence.	
Ash	person	30	 She walks outside, and tells Ash that the most important thing is knowing where his strength lies.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash may be strong in some ways, but he needs to develop what comes from the inside.Ash then once again challenges Prima to a battle which she accepts.	
Ash	person	84	 Ash may be strong in some ways, but he needs to develop what comes from the inside.Ash then once again challenges Prima to a battle which she accepts.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash uses Pikachu, and Prima chooses Cloyster.	
Ash	person	14	 Tracey warns Ash that this is Rage, which increases its Attack level.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash loses.	
Ash	person	11	 She tells Ash that he has the skills he needs to be a Pokémon Master, but he needs to remember that his Pokémon are the ones who win the Badges.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then thanks Prima.	
Ash	person	53	 She replies that it's on tape only, and whispers to Ash and his friends that it's $18.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash gets ready to fight, but Prima tells him that she'll take care of it.	
Ash	person	27	 That evening, Prima tells Ash that the nearest Gym is on Trovita Island, which is straight across the bay on the other side of Mandarin Island.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends thank Prima again for everything that she taught him.	
