Tracey's Marill	pokemon	61	 Both Ralph and Emily begin to argue over their two Pokémon.Tracey's Marill comes back and points to where both Nidoran are located.	
Double Kick	move	74	 Both Nidoran beat back Arbok and Victreebel by using double attacks like Double Kick.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is in the bushes listening in on the situation and vows to capture the two.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 Jessie plots to have Meowth convince Tony and Maria to come away with Team Rocket by tricking them into thinking that it is the only way to be together.	
Team Rocket	group	27	 They are interrupted when Team Rocket shows up, cross-dressing as a newly-wed bride and groom.	
Team Rocket	group	48	 Ash and Tracey notice some cans that fell from Team Rocket’s balloon and they follow them.Team Rocket attempts to dress up Maria and Tony despite their squirming only to have the gang find them thanks to the cans.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 Ash and Tracey notice some cans that fell from Team Rocket’s balloon and they follow them.Team Rocket attempts to dress up Maria and Tony despite their squirming only to have the gang find them thanks to the cans.	
Team Rocket	group	86	 Ralph and Emily say their attack names together this time without minding each other.Team Rocket tries to make their escape and catch the Nidoran by using one of their many giant vacuums.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Misty calls out Staryu who bursts Team Rocket’s balloon and they go blasting off once again.	
Team Rocket	group	11	At the end Team Rocket is seen being rung with Arbok and Victreebel on the church bells.	
Thunderbolt	move	18	 Pikachu uses his Thunderbolt and destroys the vacuum.	
Victreebel	pokemon	30	 James joins in and calls out Victreebel who eats Jessie’s head this time.	
Victreebel	pokemon	23	 Maria uses Scratch on Victreebel while Tony gets knocked back by Arbok.	
Victreebel	pokemon	37	 The battle ensues equal sided until Victreebel traps Tony and Maria rescues him.	
Victreebel	pokemon	34	 Both Nidoran beat back Arbok and Victreebel by using double attacks like Double Kick.	
Victreebel	pokemon	57	At the end Team Rocket is seen being rung with Arbok and Victreebel on the church bells.	
Nidorino	pokemon	70	 Tony and Maria finally kiss and in doing so evolve into Nidorina and Nidorino.	
Nidorina	pokemon	57	 Tony and Maria finally kiss and in doing so evolve into Nidorina and Nidorino.	
Scratch	move	12	 Maria uses Scratch on Victreebel while Tony gets knocked back by Arbok.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	After the gang search for a little while, save for Pikachu who finds a tree full of delicious pink fruit, Ash and Misty eventually bump into Ralph, another kid from the town who has a similar problem as before.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 It goes amiss when Pikachu uses a branch to get to their balloon to avoid being blown in.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu uses his Thunderbolt and destroys the vacuum.	
Trainer	person	86	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive in Yambera, an old looking town where they meet a young Trainer by the name of Emily.	
Pokémon	pokemon	52	 Both Ralph and Emily begin to argue over their two Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	6	 Both Pokémon act very romantic but shortly after are taken away by their Trainers.	
Pokémon	pokemon	122	 They both knew each other since they were children and competed in many of the same contests and caught many of the same Pokémon; this led to their own two Nidoran falling in love.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	 Misty scolds Emily and Ralph for fighting and arguing, saying that it was their fault that their Pokémon were stolen.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Both Ralph and Emily find out that both Pokémon are fighting for one another.	
Pokémon	pokemon	64	 Both of them finally listen and decide what’s best for their Pokémon.	
Yambera	settlement	33	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive in Yambera, an old looking town where they meet a young Trainer by the name of Emily.	
Pokédex	item	18	 Ash looks up his Pokédex and gets a picture of the male one and then eventually the female one.	
Pokédex	item	38	 Ash looks up the male Nidoran in his Pokédex and gets the data.	
Marill	pokemon	9	Tracey's Marill comes back and points to where both Nidoran are located.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie plots to have Meowth convince Tony and Maria to come away with Team Rocket by tricking them into thinking that it is the only way to be together.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie also gives off a bit of her love life trials only to have Meowth call her a nut job to which Jessie boots him and James.	
Jessie	person	101	 Jessie also gives off a bit of her love life trials only to have Meowth call her a nut job to which Jessie boots him and James.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie comes up with another plan to which James and Meowth do not have much enthusiasm.	
Jessie	person	38	 Tony and Maria make their escape but Jessie commands Arbok to attack.	
Jessie	person	50	 James joins in and calls out Victreebel who eats Jessie’s head this time.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	 Jessie plots to have Meowth convince Tony and Maria to come away with Team Rocket by tricking them into thinking that it is the only way to be together.	
Meowth	pokemon	66	 Jessie also gives off a bit of her love life trials only to have Meowth call her a nut job to which Jessie boots him and James.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth goes first to Maria and then to Tony to try to convince them to come with him.	
Meowth	pokemon	54	 Jessie comes up with another plan to which James and Meowth do not have much enthusiasm.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive in Yambera, an old looking town where they meet a young Trainer by the name of Emily.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey eventually comes back with Emily asking if they have found Maria yet and Ralph calls her a kidnapper.	
Tracey	person	61	 Both Ralph and Emily begin to argue over their two Pokémon.Tracey's Marill comes back and points to where both Nidoran are located.	
Tracey	person	54	 Ralph and Emily are overjoyed and literally run over Tracey to get to them.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey and Misty immediately realize what is going on but Ash, as usual, is clueless.	
Tracey	person	15	Ash, Misty and Tracey go to a sandwich bar and talk to the owner who tells them Ralph and Emily’s story.	
Tracey	person	47	 Misty and Ash end up arguing but they turn on Tracey when he says that they should be together.	
Tracey	person	9	 Ash and Tracey notice some cans that fell from Team Rocket’s balloon and they follow them.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sketches it but also wonders what made them evolve, their battle or their kiss.	
Staryu	pokemon	17	 Misty calls out Staryu who bursts Team Rocket’s balloon and they go blasting off once again.	
Ralph	person	141	After the gang search for a little while, save for Pikachu who finds a tree full of delicious pink fruit, Ash and Misty eventually bump into Ralph, another kid from the town who has a similar problem as before.	
Ralph	person	81	 Tracey eventually comes back with Emily asking if they have found Maria yet and Ralph calls her a kidnapper.	
Ralph	person	6	 Both Ralph and Emily begin to argue over their two Pokémon.	
Ralph	person	1	 Ralph and Emily are overjoyed and literally run over Tracey to get to them.	
Ralph	person	6	 Both Ralph and Emily insult the others Nidoran.	
Ralph	person	80	Ash, Misty and Tracey go to a sandwich bar and talk to the owner who tells them Ralph and Emily’s story.	
Ralph	person	15	 However, with Ralph and Emily hating each other they could not be together.	
Ralph	person	1	 Ralph eventually finds Tony soaking and takes him back to his house, which is right next to Emily’s house.	
Ralph	person	75	Later during the night Misty is writing letters, one for Emily and one for Ralph from each other.	
Ralph	person	8	 Emily, Ralph and their Nidoran come into the park where they both accuse each other of sending the other a stupid gift and letter.	
Ralph	person	12	 Misty sent Ralph a toy plane and Emily a bouquet of flowers.	
Ralph	person	9	 However Ralph throws up when flying in planes and Emily was allergic to Misty’s flowers.	
Ralph	person	24	 Misty scolds Emily and Ralph for fighting and arguing, saying that it was their fault that their Pokémon were stolen.	
Ralph	person	1	 Ralph and Emily command them to use their tackle attacks which knocks Arbok back.	
Ralph	person	6	 Both Ralph and Emily find out that both Pokémon are fighting for one another.	
Ralph	person	1	 Ralph and Emily say their attack names together this time without minding each other.	
Ralph	person	18	 Misty gets on to Ralph and Emily to make them realize what they did wrong.	
James	person	122	 Jessie also gives off a bit of her love life trials only to have Meowth call her a nut job to which Jessie boots him and James.	
James	person	44	 Jessie comes up with another plan to which James and Meowth do not have much enthusiasm.	
James	person	1	 James joins in and calls out Victreebel who eats Jessie’s head this time.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive in Yambera, an old looking town where they meet a young Trainer by the name of Emily.	
Misty	person	114	After the gang search for a little while, save for Pikachu who finds a tree full of delicious pink fruit, Ash and Misty eventually bump into Ralph, another kid from the town who has a similar problem as before.	
Misty	person	12	 Tracey and Misty immediately realize what is going on but Ash, as usual, is clueless.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty and Tracey go to a sandwich bar and talk to the owner who tells them Ralph and Emily’s story.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty realizes that Tony is “sweet talking” up to the window.	
Misty	person	33	 Ash asks how she knows this but Misty merely tells him that he is not mature enough to understand.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty vows to do something about the situation but Ash tells her that it is none of her business.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty brushes him off.	
Misty	person	23	Later during the night Misty is writing letters, one for Emily and one for Ralph from each other.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash end up arguing but they turn on Tracey when he says that they should be together.	
Misty	person	65	The gang is next seen waiting in the bushes to see the fruits of Misty’s plan.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty sent Ralph a toy plane and Emily a bouquet of flowers.	
Misty	person	73	 However Ralph throws up when flying in planes and Emily was allergic to Misty’s flowers.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty scolds Emily and Ralph for fighting and arguing, saying that it was their fault that their Pokémon were stolen.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty calls out Staryu who bursts Team Rocket’s balloon and they go blasting off once again.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty gets on to Ralph and Emily to make them realize what they did wrong.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty hits him with his drawing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says back to him that they should find out for themselves.	
Emily	person	109	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive in Yambera, an old looking town where they meet a young Trainer by the name of Emily.	
Emily	person	35	 Tracey eventually comes back with Emily asking if they have found Maria yet and Ralph calls her a kidnapper.	
Emily	person	16	 Both Ralph and Emily begin to argue over their two Pokémon.	
Emily	person	11	 Ralph and Emily are overjoyed and literally run over Tracey to get to them.	
Emily	person	16	 Both Ralph and Emily insult the others Nidoran.	
Emily	person	90	Ash, Misty and Tracey go to a sandwich bar and talk to the owner who tells them Ralph and Emily’s story.	
Emily	person	25	 However, with Ralph and Emily hating each other they could not be together.	
Emily	person	53	 Tony and Maria continue talking to each other until Emily appears at the window and dunks him with a pail of water.	
Emily	person	93	 Ralph eventually finds Tony soaking and takes him back to his house, which is right next to Emily’s house.	
Emily	person	57	Later during the night Misty is writing letters, one for Emily and one for Ralph from each other.	
Emily	person	1	 Emily, Ralph and their Nidoran come into the park where they both accuse each other of sending the other a stupid gift and letter.	
Emily	person	34	 Misty sent Ralph a toy plane and Emily a bouquet of flowers.	
Emily	person	51	 However Ralph throws up when flying in planes and Emily was allergic to Misty’s flowers.	
Emily	person	14	 Misty scolds Emily and Ralph for fighting and arguing, saying that it was their fault that their Pokémon were stolen.	
Emily	person	11	 Ralph and Emily command them to use their tackle attacks which knocks Arbok back.	
Emily	person	16	 Both Ralph and Emily find out that both Pokémon are fighting for one another.	
Emily	person	11	 Ralph and Emily say their attack names together this time without minding each other.	
Emily	person	28	 Misty gets on to Ralph and Emily to make them realize what they did wrong.	
Arbok	pokemon	54	 Tony and Maria make their escape but Jessie commands Arbok to attack.	
Arbok	pokemon	71	 Ralph and Emily command them to use their tackle attacks which knocks Arbok back.	
Arbok	pokemon	66	 Maria uses Scratch on Victreebel while Tony gets knocked back by Arbok.	
Arbok	pokemon	24	 Both Nidoran beat back Arbok and Victreebel by using double attacks like Double Kick.	
Arbok	pokemon	47	At the end Team Rocket is seen being rung with Arbok and Victreebel on the church bells.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks up his Pokédex and gets a picture of the male one and then eventually the female one.	
Ash	person	106	After the gang search for a little while, save for Pikachu who finds a tree full of delicious pink fruit, Ash and Misty eventually bump into Ralph, another kid from the town who has a similar problem as before.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks up the male Nidoran in his Pokédex and gets the data.	
Ash	person	59	 Tracey and Misty immediately realize what is going on but Ash, as usual, is clueless.	
Ash	person	48	 Both Ralph and Emily insult the others Nidoran.Ash, Misty and Tracey go to a sandwich bar and talk to the owner who tells them Ralph and Emily’s story.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks how she knows this but Misty merely tells him that he is not mature enough to understand.	
Ash	person	52	 Misty vows to do something about the situation but Ash tells her that it is none of her business.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash end up arguing but they turn on Tracey when he says that they should be together.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Tracey notice some cans that fell from Team Rocket’s balloon and they follow them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks if people change with their kiss.	
