Mandarin Island	region	41	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking along Mandarin Island to the Gym in Trovita in the blazing sun.	
Pokémon Center	building	13	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Officer Jenny	person	34	 Ethan receives a phone call from Officer Jenny in a nearby town telling them that they need power due to a blackout.	
Officer Jenny	person	61	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Orange League	region	74	 Ash declines saying that he would much rather stay on his course for the Orange League.	
Electric-type	type	58	 The Magnemite take a liking to Pikachu with him being an Electric-type Pokémon and in doing so they almost swallow him.	
Thunder Wave	move	14	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
ThunderShock	move	22	 Pikachu tries to use ThunderShock but it does no damage due to the gripper being lightning absorbent.	
Team Rocket	group	59	 What they do not notice is that they are being watched by Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	14	They run into Team Rocket who do their motto as usual and announce their intentions.	
Team Rocket	group	62	 Pikachu manages to finish the battle by using Thunderbolt on Team Rocket sending them flying off and saving the group of Pokémon.	
Team Rocket	group	98	Number 6 is floating away over the stream when it is found by Ash but not only by him but also by Team Rocket, back for a second round.	
Team Rocket	group	65	 Ash runs away with Number 6 until he runs into Pikachu, leading Team Rocket to the other Magnemite in the process.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 The other Magnemite are bagged by Team Rocket but Pikachu tries to battle back with his own electric attacks against Team Rocket’s magnets.	
Team Rocket	group	118	 The other Magnemite are bagged by Team Rocket but Pikachu tries to battle back with his own electric attacks against Team Rocket’s magnets.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket tries to get the Pokémon back with their magnets by rubbing themselves harder but they accidentally set themselves on fire instead.	
Team Rocket	group	71	 Pikachu, the Magnemite and Number 6 use their combined power to shock Team Rocket which once again sends them blasting off.	
Pin Missile	move	39	 Ethan commands Jolteon instead to use Pin Missile which works much better by letting both Pokémon free.	
Thunderbolt	move	47	 Pikachu manages to finish the battle by using Thunderbolt on Team Rocket sending them flying off and saving the group of Pokémon.	
Thunderbolt	move	56	 When the whistle fails to bring them back Pikachu uses Thunderbolt doing the very same thing as Jolteon normally does.	
Magnemite	pokemon	44	 During the storm they see a small crowd of Magnemite being struck by lightning and wonder what they are doing.	
Magnemite	pokemon	68	 Eventually they see a Jolteon who seems to be herding the crowd of Magnemite.	
Magnemite	pokemon	14	 They see the Magnemite absorbing more lightning.	
Magnemite	pokemon	85	Later on after the storm, the man who calls himself Ethan, tells them that he owns a Magnemite ranch.	
Magnemite	pokemon	14	 He takes his Magnemite into lightning storms so that he can take the electric power to towns and cities on the island.	
Magnemite	pokemon	37	 Tracey notices how well trained the Magnemite are and asks Ethan about it.	
Magnemite	pokemon	17	 Ethan calls the Magnemite by numbers instead of names and Misty and Ash comment that they cannot tell them apart but Ethan says he can.	
Magnemite	pokemon	39	 He uses Jolteon to “round up” the Magnemite like sheep.	
Magnemite	pokemon	5	 The Magnemite take a liking to Pikachu with him being an Electric-type Pokémon and in doing so they almost swallow him.	
Magnemite	pokemon	18	Jolteon leads the Magnemite and Ethan takes the gang to the next town.	
Magnemite	pokemon	63	 Later at night during a thunderstorm, the gang watches as the Magnemite absorb more lightning from the storm.	
Magnemite	pokemon	55	 They plot to kidnap Pikachu, Jolteon and the group of Magnemite and profit off their electrical power before giving them to Giovanni.	
Magnemite	pokemon	50	 The phone call is interrupted soon after and the Magnemite soon fly away with Jolteon in pursuit.	
Magnemite	pokemon	46	 Using a giant magnet they plan to kidnap the Magnemite.	
Magnemite	pokemon	81	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
Magnemite	pokemon	32	 Jolteon manages to get all the Magnemite free, but in doing so left himself open to a Tackle attack from Arbok.	
Magnemite	pokemon	108	Both Jolteon and Ethan are seriously hurt due to the fight but Ethan makes it a point that he must take the Magnemite to the town for their electric power.	
Magnemite	pokemon	93	 Misty and Tracey plead for him not to go but it is only when Ash says that he will take the Magnemite to town for Ethan.	
Magnemite	pokemon	73	 Ash straps up one of the Tauros and Ethan tells him to take nine of the Magnemite to the town.	
Magnemite	pokemon	53	 Ash and Pikachu ride on Tauros to the town with the Magnemite.	
Magnemite	pokemon	38	 Using the whistle which controls the Magnemite, Ash does pretty well until the Magnemite start vanishing in different directions.	
Magnemite	pokemon	80	 Using the whistle which controls the Magnemite, Ash does pretty well until the Magnemite start vanishing in different directions.	
Magnemite	pokemon	16	 Ash counts the Magnemite in order to check if they are all there.	
Magnemite	pokemon	54	 He finds that “Number 6”, a very strange looking Magnemite, is missing and he goes off to look for it.	
Magnemite	pokemon	143	 Using magnet machines that are powered by rubbing themselves with panels that work on static electricity, they once again plan to capture the Magnemite.	
Magnemite	pokemon	90	 Ash runs away with Number 6 until he runs into Pikachu, leading Team Rocket to the other Magnemite in the process.	
Magnemite	pokemon	42	 Ash orders Pikachu to run with the other Magnemite but he does not.	
Magnemite	pokemon	11	 The other Magnemite are bagged by Team Rocket but Pikachu tries to battle back with his own electric attacks against Team Rocket’s magnets.	
Magnemite	pokemon	53	Seeing Pikachu trying desperately to save its fellow Magnemite, Number 6 flies into the colliding magnetic blasts.	
Magnemite	pokemon	61	 Absorbing all the electricity, it manages to free the other Magnemite and evolve into Magneton.	
Magnemite	pokemon	17	 The other eight Magnemite use their own power to restore Pikachu.	
Magnemite	pokemon	14	 Pikachu, the Magnemite and Number 6 use their combined power to shock Team Rocket which once again sends them blasting off.	
Nurse Joy	person	47	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Electric	type	58	 The Magnemite take a liking to Pikachu with him being an Electric-type Pokémon and in doing so they almost swallow him.	
Giovanni	person	125	 They plot to kidnap Pikachu, Jolteon and the group of Magnemite and profit off their electrical power before giving them to Giovanni.	
Magneton	pokemon	87	 Absorbing all the electricity, it manages to free the other Magnemite and evolve into Magneton.	
Trovita	building	71	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking along Mandarin Island to the Gym in Trovita in the blazing sun.	
Trovita	building	38	 They leave the town and go on toward Trovita.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 The Magnemite take a liking to Pikachu with him being an Electric-type Pokémon and in doing so they almost swallow him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Ash attempts to help Pikachu but ends up getting shocked himself.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	 They plot to kidnap Pikachu, Jolteon and the group of Magnemite and profit off their electrical power before giving them to Giovanni.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 They also use a giant gripper to kidnap Pikachu and Jolteon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to use ThunderShock but it does no damage due to the gripper being lightning absorbent.	
Pikachu	pokemon	31	 Jolteon lands on his feet but Pikachu on his back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu manages to finish the battle by using Thunderbolt on Team Rocket sending them flying off and saving the group of Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu ride on Tauros to the town with the Magnemite.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 When the whistle fails to bring them back Pikachu uses Thunderbolt doing the very same thing as Jolteon normally does.	
Pikachu	pokemon	48	 Ash runs away with Number 6 until he runs into Pikachu, leading Team Rocket to the other Magnemite in the process.	
Pikachu	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Pikachu to run with the other Magnemite but he does not.	
Pikachu	pokemon	51	 The other Magnemite are bagged by Team Rocket but Pikachu tries to battle back with his own electric attacks against Team Rocket’s magnets.	
Pikachu	pokemon	7	Seeing Pikachu trying desperately to save its fellow Magnemite, Number 6 flies into the colliding magnetic blasts.	
Pikachu	pokemon	58	 The other eight Magnemite use their own power to restore Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu, the Magnemite and Number 6 use their combined power to shock Team Rocket which once again sends them blasting off.	
Thunder	move	14	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	72	 The Magnemite take a liking to Pikachu with him being an Electric-type Pokémon and in doing so they almost swallow him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	91	 Ethan commands Jolteon instead to use Pin Missile which works much better by letting both Pokémon free.	
Pokémon	pokemon	122	 Pikachu manages to finish the battle by using Thunderbolt on Team Rocket sending them flying off and saving the group of Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	30	 Team Rocket tries to get the Pokémon back with their magnets by rubbing themselves harder but they accidentally set themselves on fire instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Jolteon	pokemon	23	 Eventually they see a Jolteon who seems to be herding the crowd of Magnemite.	
Jolteon	pokemon	9	 He uses Jolteon to “round up” the Magnemite like sheep.	
Jolteon	pokemon	103	 Ethan comments that Ash is a “tough little hombre” just like he is for taking the electric attack.Jolteon leads the Magnemite and Ethan takes the gang to the next town.	
Jolteon	pokemon	30	 They plot to kidnap Pikachu, Jolteon and the group of Magnemite and profit off their electrical power before giving them to Giovanni.	
Jolteon	pokemon	79	 The phone call is interrupted soon after and the Magnemite soon fly away with Jolteon in pursuit.	
Jolteon	pokemon	53	 They also use a giant gripper to kidnap Pikachu and Jolteon.	
Jolteon	pokemon	16	 Ethan commands Jolteon instead to use Pin Missile which works much better by letting both Pokémon free.	
Jolteon	pokemon	1	 Jolteon lands on his feet but Pikachu on his back.	
Jolteon	pokemon	1	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
Jolteon	pokemon	1	 Jolteon manages to get all the Magnemite free, but in doing so left himself open to a Tackle attack from Arbok.	
Jolteon	pokemon	1	 Jolteon flies back into Ethan who in turn hurts his arm on a rock.	
Jolteon	pokemon	5	Both Jolteon and Ethan are seriously hurt due to the fight but Ethan makes it a point that he must take the Magnemite to the town for their electric power.	
Jolteon	pokemon	97	 When the whistle fails to bring them back Pikachu uses Thunderbolt doing the very same thing as Jolteon normally does.	
Lapras	pokemon	29	 They find out that being on Lapras they don’t do much walking.	
Tauros	pokemon	53	 They also meet a man who has a wagon with a pair of Tauros pulling it who offers them safety in the back of the wagon from the lightning; they do so and board the wagon.	
Tauros	pokemon	51	 At sunset, Ash takes the reigns from Ethan to the Tauros but almost crashes it on his first try.	
Tauros	pokemon	26	 Ash straps up one of the Tauros and Ethan tells him to take nine of the Magnemite to the town.	
Tauros	pokemon	25	 Ash and Pikachu ride on Tauros to the town with the Magnemite.	
Jessie	person	96	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
Tackle	move	87	 Jolteon manages to get all the Magnemite free, but in doing so left himself open to a Tackle attack from Arbok.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking along Mandarin Island to the Gym in Trovita in the blazing sun.	
Tracey	person	42	 Misty and Ash are not doing too well but Tracey seems fine.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey tells them that they can be at the town in three days.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey notices how well trained the Magnemite are and asks Ethan about it.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey plead for him not to go but it is only when Ash says that he will take the Magnemite to town for Ethan.	
Tracey	person	68	At sunset, Ash and the group arrive in the town followed shortly by Tracey who is leading the wagon with Misty and Ethan.	
Togepi	pokemon	107	A storm rolls on the gang and they desperately run to find some shelter but Misty falls to the ground with Togepi.	
Ethan	person	52	Later on after the storm, the man who calls himself Ethan, tells them that he owns a Magnemite ranch.	
Ethan	person	60	 Tracey notices how well trained the Magnemite are and asks Ethan about it.	
Ethan	person	1	 Ethan calls the Magnemite by numbers instead of names and Misty and Ash comment that they cannot tell them apart but Ethan says he can.	
Ethan	person	118	 Ethan calls the Magnemite by numbers instead of names and Misty and Ash comment that they cannot tell them apart but Ethan says he can.	
Ethan	person	1	 Ethan comments that Ash is a “tough little hombre” just like he is for taking the electric attack.	
Ethan	person	32	Jolteon leads the Magnemite and Ethan takes the gang to the next town.	
Ethan	person	38	 At sunset, Ash takes the reigns from Ethan to the Tauros but almost crashes it on his first try.	
Ethan	person	59	The following day, the gang relaxes around a campfire with Ethan and enjoys some drinks and snacks.	
Ethan	person	1	 Ethan receives a phone call from Officer Jenny in a nearby town telling them that they need power due to a blackout.	
Ethan	person	1	 Ethan commands Jolteon instead to use Pin Missile which works much better by letting both Pokémon free.	
Ethan	person	25	 Jolteon flies back into Ethan who in turn hurts his arm on a rock.	
Ethan	person	17	Both Jolteon and Ethan are seriously hurt due to the fight but Ethan makes it a point that he must take the Magnemite to the town for their electric power.	
Ethan	person	63	Both Jolteon and Ethan are seriously hurt due to the fight but Ethan makes it a point that he must take the Magnemite to the town for their electric power.	
Ethan	person	115	 Misty and Tracey plead for him not to go but it is only when Ash says that he will take the Magnemite to town for Ethan.	
Ethan	person	37	 Ash straps up one of the Tauros and Ethan tells him to take nine of the Magnemite to the town.	
Ethan	person	115	At sunset, Ash and the group arrive in the town followed shortly by Tracey who is leading the wagon with Misty and Ethan.	
Ethan	person	109	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking along Mandarin Island to the Gym in Trovita in the blazing sun.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash are not doing too well but Tracey seems fine.	
Misty	person	76	A storm rolls on the gang and they desperately run to find some shelter but Misty falls to the ground with Togepi.	
Misty	person	59	 Ethan calls the Magnemite by numbers instead of names and Misty and Ash comment that they cannot tell them apart but Ethan says he can.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey plead for him not to go but it is only when Ash says that he will take the Magnemite to town for Ethan.	
Misty	person	105	At sunset, Ash and the group arrive in the town followed shortly by Tracey who is leading the wagon with Misty and Ethan.	
Arbok	pokemon	134	 Jolteon uses Thunder Wave to battle with the magnet for control of the group of Magnemite, but Jessie goes into a rage and calls out Arbok who falls to the ground.	
Arbok	pokemon	106	 Jolteon manages to get all the Magnemite free, but in doing so left himself open to a Tackle attack from Arbok.	
Gym	building	64	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking along Mandarin Island to the Gym in Trovita in the blazing sun.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash are not doing too well but Tracey seems fine.	
Ash	person	69	 Ethan calls the Magnemite by numbers instead of names and Misty and Ash comment that they cannot tell them apart but Ethan says he can.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to help Pikachu but ends up getting shocked himself.	
Ash	person	21	 Ethan comments that Ash is a “tough little hombre” just like he is for taking the electric attack.	
Ash	person	12	 At sunset, Ash takes the reigns from Ethan to the Tauros but almost crashes it on his first try.	
Ash	person	62	 Misty and Tracey plead for him not to go but it is only when Ash says that he will take the Magnemite to town for Ethan.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash straps up one of the Tauros and Ethan tells him to take nine of the Magnemite to the town.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu ride on Tauros to the town with the Magnemite.	
Ash	person	49	 Using the whistle which controls the Magnemite, Ash does pretty well until the Magnemite start vanishing in different directions.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash counts the Magnemite in order to check if they are all there.	
Ash	person	62	Number 6 is floating away over the stream when it is found by Ash but not only by him but also by Team Rocket, back for a second round.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs away with Number 6 until he runs into Pikachu, leading Team Rocket to the other Magnemite in the process.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Pikachu to run with the other Magnemite but he does not.	
Ash	person	11	At sunset, Ash and the group arrive in the town followed shortly by Tracey who is leading the wagon with Misty and Ethan.	
Ash	person	29	Later at the Pokémon Center Ash is thanked by Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny for his help and also is asked by Ethan to join him in his job.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash declines saying that he would much rather stay on his course for the Orange League.	
