Mayor of Trovitopolis	person	29	 Jenny then acknowledges the Mayor of Trovitopolis's presence.	
Mandarin Island South	region	144	 They run up to Tracey, and they discover that they have come upon the awesome metropolis that is the city of Trovitopolis, the largest city on Mandarin Island South.	
Mandarin Island	region	144	 They run up to Tracey, and they discover that they have come upon the awesome metropolis that is the city of Trovitopolis, the largest city on Mandarin Island South.	
Trovita Island	region	89	 She tells him that they only arrived in town today and are going to the Pokémon Gym on Trovita Island, and that their story checks out.	
Trovita Island	region	27	 When Ash asks about where Trovita Island is, Joy points it out, which is almost far away.	
Pokémon Center	building	7	At the Pokémon Center, the group speak to Professor Oak about the new species.	
Pokémon Center	building	133	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Officer Jenny	person	152	 Tracey points out that he will be dragged down too, but Ash does not care and still attempts to jump in to save him, As they struggle for a while, and Officer Jenny comes in with a light up near him Jenny explains that the sewer is very dangerous and throws a rope down to them.	
Officer Jenny	person	7	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Professor Oak	person	43	At the Pokémon Center, the group speak to Professor Oak about the new species.	
Professor Oak	person	47	 Ash decided to use his secret weapon he asked Professor Oak to send him; Muk.	
ThunderShock	move	29	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Trovitopolis	region	110	 They run up to Tracey, and they discover that they have come upon the awesome metropolis that is the city of Trovitopolis, the largest city on Mandarin Island South.	
Trovitopolis	region	38	 Jenny then acknowledges the Mayor of Trovitopolis's presence.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket ends up tired after falling into the sewers at the beginning of the episode.	
Team Rocket	group	26	 The creature appears and Team Rocket run away in panic.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket ends up exhausted again.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then make their getaway, screaming in fear.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Meanwhile Team Rocket is exhausted for a second time.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 The SWAT open fire at Team Rocket with puddy guns, running away in the process.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Meanwhile, Team Rocket has found an exit from the sewer system, but it has bars on it and they realize they are trapped.	
Thunderbolt	move	51	 However, Ash steps in and commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on them and his Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip on them, which sends the SWAT team flying off.	
Pokémon Gym	building	73	 She tells him that they only arrived in town today and are going to the Pokémon Gym on Trovita Island, and that their story checks out.	
SmokeScreen	move	52	 James sends out his Weezing and commands it to use SmokeScreen, as it engulfs the sewer with smoke.	
Razor Leaf	move	20	 He tells it to use Razor Leaf, but the creature hits the leaves away, and then grabs Bulbasaur and pulls it into the sewer water!	
Vine Whip	move	9	 Then, a Vine Whip comes from the water and taps on Ash's shoulder.	
Vine Whip	move	70	 He has been living down there for a long time and was actually using Vine Whip.	
Vine Whip	move	58	 Upon learning this, the Mayor's Bulbasaur grabs him with Vine Whip.	
Vine Whip	move	96	 However, Ash steps in and commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on them and his Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip on them, which sends the SWAT team flying off.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy comes in and tells him that she has heard what he intends to do about the sewer creature problem.	
Nurse Joy	person	57	 The Mayor tells her that is his business, and group ask Nurse Joy about his plan.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy does not think so, because the only thing the Mayor cares about is being re-elected, and he's not going to let anything get in his way.	
Nurse Joy	person	35	 Ash knows how to find an entrance.Nurse Joy gave them another entrance to the sewer on the other side of the city.	
Nurse Joy	person	45	Back at the Mayor's office in the City Hall, Nurse Joy explains to him why sending his SWAT team to seal all the sewer exits is a bad idea.	
Nurse Joy	person	64	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	144	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	86	 He tells it to use Razor Leaf, but the creature hits the leaves away, and then grabs Bulbasaur and pulls it into the sewer water!	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	34	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	56	 But Ash tells the Mayor that all he wants to do is get Bulbasaur back.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	70	 Ash has had enough and decides to return to the sewers to search for Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	119	 They come to a dead end, and Muk points out that they have to go into the underwater tunnel to find Misty, Togepi and Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 They also see Misty and Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	52	 Tracey found the creature, who actually is a giant Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	23	 Ash asks if the giant Bulbasaur looked familiar to the Mayor.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	38	 He sees his trademark "M" initial on Bulbasaur's collar and explained that he abandoned his Bulbasaur in the sewer because it wouldn't evolve.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	93	 He sees his trademark "M" initial on Bulbasaur's collar and explained that he abandoned his Bulbasaur in the sewer because it wouldn't evolve.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	33	 Upon learning this, the Mayor's Bulbasaur grabs him with Vine Whip.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	66	 The SWAT team arrives, and the Mayor orders them to open fire on Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	79	 However, Ash steps in and commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on them and his Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip on them, which sends the SWAT team flying off.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	52	 The Mayor says that he will offer a truce with his Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur spins him around and throws him into his statue, toppling it and his chances in the election next week.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	67	 The Mayor says that he will offer a truce with his Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur spins him around and throws him into his statue, toppling it and his chances in the election next week.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	116	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Trovita	building	89	 She tells him that they only arrived in town today and are going to the Pokémon Gym on Trovita Island, and that their story checks out.	
Trovita	building	27	 When Ash asks about where Trovita Island is, Joy points it out, which is almost far away.	
Pikachu	pokemon	262	 Jessie, James, and Meowth  spy on Ash and his friends as this time, they have cooked up what they think is the perfect plan, in which they are actually standing a large trap, as they have put dynamite under the ground and once detonated, they will have trapped Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	Ash and Misty are woken up by Pikachu and Togepi, but Tracey is stuck in some rubble.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 So Ash, Misty, and Pikachu pull him out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash thinks that it was Pikachu and begs him to stop.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu isn't on Ash's shoulder, but on the ground in front of him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Pikachu	pokemon	68	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	 Ash attempts to jump in after it, but Misty, Tracey and Pikachu hold him back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 However, Ash steps in and commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on them and his Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip on them, which sends the SWAT team flying off.	
Weezing	pokemon	21	 James sends out his Weezing and commands it to use SmokeScreen, as it engulfs the sewer with smoke.	
Pokémon	pokemon	73	 She tells him that they only arrived in town today and are going to the Pokémon Gym on Trovita Island, and that their story checks out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	112	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey respond by saying the Mayor's plan is cruel and that it could be a whole new species of Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	7	At the Pokémon Center, the group speak to Professor Oak about the new species.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 Ash and friends order him to apologize to his Pokémon for what he did, but he refuses.	
Pokémon	pokemon	133	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie, James, and Meowth  spy on Ash and his friends as this time, they have cooked up what they think is the perfect plan, in which they are actually standing a large trap, as they have put dynamite under the ground and once detonated, they will have trapped Pikachu.	
Jessie	person	30	 Meowth mistakenly think that Jessie or James rubbed him, but he finds that it wasn't them.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James decided to use a scary disguise.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie split her hair in two, and Meowth is biting onto James's head.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie sneezes and breaks the metal bars, setting them free.	
Meowth	pokemon	20	 Jessie, James, and Meowth  spy on Ash and his friends as this time, they have cooked up what they think is the perfect plan, in which they are actually standing a large trap, as they have put dynamite under the ground and once detonated, they will have trapped Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth prepares to activate a trap button.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth wonders where the explosion is, and then the ground disappears underneath them and they fall into a dark hole as deep as an ocean abyss!	
Meowth	pokemon	5	 All Meowth wants to do is eat, but James says there is nothing to eat down where they are.	
Meowth	pokemon	86	 They hear the same bell-ringing sound, and the creature reappears and starts rubbing Meowth's chin.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth mistakenly think that Jessie or James rubbed him, but he finds that it wasn't them.	
Meowth	pokemon	35	 Jessie split her hair in two, and Meowth is biting onto James's head.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking through a mountainous desert region that looks like Monument Valley.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey then calls to Ash and Misty to see what he is seeing.	
Tracey	person	16	 They run up to Tracey, and they discover that they have come upon the awesome metropolis that is the city of Trovitopolis, the largest city on Mandarin Island South.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey wonders why anybody would be screaming.	
Tracey	person	54	Ash and Misty are woken up by Pikachu and Togepi, but Tracey is stuck in some rubble.	
Tracey	person	46	 Ash attempts to jump in after it, but Misty, Tracey and Pikachu hold him back.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey points out that he will be dragged down too, but Ash does not care and still attempts to jump in to save him, As they struggle for a while, and Officer Jenny comes in with a light up near him Jenny explains that the sewer is very dangerous and throws a rope down to them.	
Tracey	person	58	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey wonder why they were thrown in jail for walking in the sewers.	
Tracey	person	17	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey respond by saying the Mayor's plan is cruel and that it could be a whole new species of Pokémon.	
Tracey	person	64	 It turns out that Ash was holding the flashlight and Misty and Tracey are there too.	
Tracey	person	47	 Misty tries to water to save him, but Ash and Tracey pull her.	
Tracey	person	31	The scene cuts back to Ash and Tracey, with Muk in front.	
Tracey	person	9	 Ash and Tracey jump in and swim down the tunnel and reach the end, where the creature appears and attacks the companions!	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey found the creature, who actually is a giant Bulbasaur.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey tell him how dare he abandon it, yet it's happy to see him.	
Togepi	pokemon	42	Ash and Misty are woken up by Pikachu and Togepi, but Tracey is stuck in some rubble.	
Togepi	pokemon	58	 Ash asks if everyone is alright, then Misty notices that Togepi is missing.	
Togepi	pokemon	11	 They spot Togepi at the end of the path.	
Togepi	pokemon	41	 Misty chases after it, and she picks up Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	32	 The creature appears and grabs Togepi and pulls him on the sewer water!	
Togepi	pokemon	108	 They come to a dead end, and Muk points out that they have to go into the underwater tunnel to find Misty, Togepi and Bulbasaur.	
Mayor	person	29	 Jenny then acknowledges the Mayor of Trovitopolis's presence.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor can't have this incident leaking out yet and says she should keep them locked up until the next week.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor has to accept that because it is the law, but he orders them not to say anything about the creature.	
Mayor	person	19	 But Ash tells the Mayor that all he wants to do is get Bulbasaur back.	
Mayor	person	16	 This makes the Mayor lose his temper and threaten to have them all arrested for endangering public safety.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor is reluctant, but Jenny tells them anyway.	
Mayor	person	30	 She then tells them that the Mayor says people will panic if word gets out about the creature, because they will never be able to capture it.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor then says that is why they have to take drastic and immediate action to ensure the safety of everyone in the city.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor tells her that is his business, and group ask Nurse Joy about his plan.	
Mayor	person	81	 She tells them that instead of capturing the creature so it can be studied, the Mayor intends to send a SWAT team down to the sewers to destroy it.	
Mayor	person	46	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey respond by saying the Mayor's plan is cruel and that it could be a whole new species of Pokémon.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor says that any talk of any such plan is pure speculation, and that there is no evidence.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor loses his temper again and proclaims that he is the Mayor, he is responsible for the city and he will do what he sees fit for the city.	
Mayor	person	63	 The Mayor loses his temper again and proclaims that he is the Mayor, he is responsible for the city and he will do what he sees fit for the city.	
Mayor	person	96	 Ash asks Oak what they should do, and Oak says that there has to be some way of preventing the Mayor from destroying the creature.	
Mayor	person	57	 Nurse Joy does not think so, because the only thing the Mayor cares about is being re-elected, and he's not going to let anything get in his way.	
Mayor	person	107	 The group see dozens of campaign posters all over building walls and park fences, and see a statue of the Mayor.	
Mayor	person	22	 The group finds that Mayor is briefing his SWAT Team inside the sewer.	
Mayor	person	43	 They then come across none other than the Mayor's SWAT team.	
Mayor	person	35	 The Squad Leader radios in to the Mayor, and tells him that they have discovered 3 unidentified creatures.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor compliments them on their excellent work, and commands them to attack immediately.	
Mayor	person	65	The SWAT team has come out of the sewer and reported back to the Mayor.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor grows increasingly paranoid and orders that every manhole to be sealed and seal off the sewer.	
Mayor	person	29	 Ash notices that it has the Mayor's symbol on its collar.	
Mayor	person	12	Back at the Mayor's office in the City Hall, Nurse Joy explains to him why sending his SWAT team to seal all the sewer exits is a bad idea.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor assures Joy that he will remove all the concrete as soon as the election is over.	
Mayor	person	14	 Later, while Mayor is taking a bath, an earthquake starts, then water forcefully erupts from the floor right under the Mayor's bathtub.	
Mayor	person	120	 Later, while Mayor is taking a bath, an earthquake starts, then water forcefully erupts from the floor right under the Mayor's bathtub.	
Mayor	person	56	 Ash asks if the giant Bulbasaur looked familiar to the Mayor.	
Mayor	person	25	 Upon learning this, the Mayor's Bulbasaur grabs him with Vine Whip.	
Mayor	person	28	 Many people are seeing the Mayor half-naked and he becomes very embarrassed.	
Mayor	person	32	 The SWAT team arrives, and the Mayor orders them to open fire on Bulbasaur.	
Mayor	person	5	 The Mayor says that he will offer a truce with his Bulbasaur, but Bulbasaur spins him around and throws him into his statue, toppling it and his chances in the election next week.	
James	person	9	 Jessie, James, and Meowth  spy on Ash and his friends as this time, they have cooked up what they think is the perfect plan, in which they are actually standing a large trap, as they have put dynamite under the ground and once detonated, they will have trapped Pikachu.	
James	person	36	 All Meowth wants to do is eat, but James says there is nothing to eat down where they are.	
James	person	40	 Meowth mistakenly think that Jessie or James rubbed him, but he finds that it wasn't them.	
James	person	1	 James sends out his Weezing and commands it to use SmokeScreen, as it engulfs the sewer with smoke.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James decided to use a scary disguise.	
James	person	57	 Jessie split her hair in two, and Meowth is biting onto James's head.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are walking through a mountainous desert region that looks like Monument Valley.	
Misty	person	30	 Tracey then calls to Ash and Misty to see what he is seeing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty is heard screaming.	
Misty	person	8	Ash and Misty are woken up by Pikachu and Togepi, but Tracey is stuck in some rubble.	
Misty	person	9	 So Ash, Misty, and Pikachu pull him out.	
Misty	person	47	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Misty	person	39	 Ash attempts to jump in after it, but Misty, Tracey and Pikachu hold him back.	
Misty	person	48	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey wonder why they were thrown in jail for walking in the sewers.	
Misty	person	6	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey respond by saying the Mayor's plan is cruel and that it could be a whole new species of Pokémon.	
Misty	person	54	 It turns out that Ash was holding the flashlight and Misty and Tracey are there too.	
Misty	person	39	 Ash asks if everyone is alright, then Misty notices that Togepi is missing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty chases after it, and she picks up Togepi.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to water to save him, but Ash and Tracey pull her.	
Misty	person	101	 They come to a dead end, and Muk points out that they have to go into the underwater tunnel to find Misty, Togepi and Bulbasaur.	
Misty	person	15	 They also see Misty and Bulbasaur.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey tell him how dare he abandon it, yet it's happy to see him.	
Gym	building	82	 She tells him that they only arrived in town today and are going to the Pokémon Gym on Trovita Island, and that their story checks out.	
Ash	person	2	  Ash is tired and hungry.	
Ash	person	22	 Tracey then calls to Ash and Misty to see what he is seeing.	
Ash	person	35	 Jessie, James, and Meowth  spy on Ash and his friends as this time, they have cooked up what they think is the perfect plan, in which they are actually standing a large trap, as they have put dynamite under the ground and once detonated, they will have trapped Pikachu.	
Ash	person	144	 Suddenly, the ground starts to crack and it collapses right underneath them, and they too fall into a hole as deep and dark as an ocean trench!Ash and Misty are woken up by Pikachu and Togepi, but Tracey is stuck in some rubble.	
Ash	person	4	 So Ash, Misty, and Pikachu pull him out.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash and friends are walking through the sewer, a bell-ringing sound is heard somewhere.	
Ash	person	52	 Then, a Vine Whip comes from the water and taps on Ash's shoulder.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thinks that it was Pikachu and begs him to stop.	
Ash	person	18	 Pikachu isn't on Ash's shoulder, but on the ground in front of him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	130	 Ash commands Pikachu to use ThunderShock, but Misty states that if Pikachu uses an electric attack, everyone will be shocked, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to jump in after it, but Misty, Tracey and Pikachu hold him back.	
Ash	person	57	 Tracey points out that he will be dragged down too, but Ash does not care and still attempts to jump in to save him, As they struggle for a while, and Officer Jenny comes in with a light up near him Jenny explains that the sewer is very dangerous and throws a rope down to them.	
Ash	person	5	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.Ash and friends are thrown in jail and Ash bangs on the cell door.	
Ash	person	102	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.Ash and friends are thrown in jail and Ash bangs on the cell door.	
Ash	person	141	 But Ash refuses, wanting to find Bulbasaur, so Misty and Tracey tie him up and Jenny then hoists him.Ash and friends are thrown in jail and Ash bangs on the cell door.	
Ash	person	5	 But Ash tells the Mayor that all he wants to do is get Bulbasaur back.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks why, and Jenny reveals that there are almost 500 miles of sewer under the city, and over 5,000 manholes.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Misty, and Tracey respond by saying the Mayor's plan is cruel and that it could be a whole new species of Pokémon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks Oak what they should do, and Oak says that there has to be some way of preventing the Mayor from destroying the creature.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has had enough and decides to return to the sewers to search for Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash knows how to find an entrance.	
Ash	person	19	 It turns out that Ash was holding the flashlight and Misty and Tracey are there too.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks if everyone is alright, then Misty notices that Togepi is missing.	
Ash	person	39	 Misty tries to water to save him, but Ash and Tracey pull her.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decided to use his secret weapon he asked Professor Oak to send him; Muk.	
Ash	person	16	 Muk Body Slams Ash in affection.	
Ash	person	23	The scene cuts back to Ash and Tracey, with Muk in front.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Tracey jump in and swim down the tunnel and reach the end, where the creature appears and attacks the companions!	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices that it has the Mayor's symbol on its collar.	
Ash	person	19	 She explains that Ash and his friends are in the sewers and they'll be trapped there if all the exits are sealed.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks if the giant Bulbasaur looked familiar to the Mayor.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends order him to apologize to his Pokémon for what he did, but he refuses.	
Ash	person	10	 However, Ash steps in and commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on them and his Bulbasaur to use Vine Whip on them, which sends the SWAT team flying off.	
Ash	person	28	Later, Officer Jenny thanks Ash and friends for their help, and Nurse Joy says that she will take care of the giant Bulbasaur at the Pokémon Center.	
Ash	person	6	 When Ash asks about where Trovita Island is, Joy points it out, which is almost far away.	
Oak	person	53	At the Pokémon Center, the group speak to Professor Oak about the new species.	
Oak	person	10	 Ash asks Oak what they should do, and Oak says that there has to be some way of preventing the Mayor from destroying the creature.	
Oak	person	39	 Ash asks Oak what they should do, and Oak says that there has to be some way of preventing the Mayor from destroying the creature.	
Oak	person	57	 Ash decided to use his secret weapon he asked Professor Oak to send him; Muk.	
Muk	pokemon	74	 Ash decided to use his secret weapon he asked Professor Oak to send him; Muk.	
Muk	pokemon	1	 Muk Body Slams Ash in affection.	
Muk	pokemon	44	The scene cuts back to Ash and Tracey, with Muk in front.	
Muk	pokemon	30	 They come to a dead end, and Muk points out that they have to go into the underwater tunnel to find Misty, Togepi and Bulbasaur.	
