Spike Shell Badge	item	34	As the sun sets, Ash receives his Spike Shell Badge from Rudy, who also offers Misty one more bunch of flowers.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	37	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Trovita Island	region	107	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Trovita Island	region	43	While riding Lapras the rest of the way to Trovita Island, Ash and Misty ask the girl what she was doing out on the current.	
Trovita Island	region	51	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Orange League	region	36	 Ash is determined to get his third Orange League Gym Badge.	
Orange League	region	202	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Professor Oak	person	39	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Electric-type	type	91	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Sleep Powder	move	104	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Flamethrower	move	43	 Ash, Pikachu and Tracey manage to dodge a Flamethrower, but Misty isn't as lucky, and she gets blasted.	
ThunderPunch	move	116	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Trovitopolis	region	21	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Quick Attack	move	64	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Team Rocket	group	95	 Meanwhile, a young man has been watching the whole thing, and is impressed by Misty's actions.Team Rocket is not too far behind, and their submarine gets caught in one of the whirlpools.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 Ash quickly returns Charizard, apologizes to Misty and continues.Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	229	 Ash quickly returns Charizard, apologizes to Misty and continues.Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	214	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Thunderbolt	move	46	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Thunderbolt	move	145	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Thunderbolt	move	22	 Squirtle escapes the Thunderbolt with another Water Gun, Withdraws inside its shell as it's about to fall off the cliff, then releases huge jets of water from its shell to fly back onto the battlefield.	
Razor Leaf	move	37	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Skull Bash	move	36	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Hydro Pump	move	46	 Misty realizes that Squirtle has now learned Hydro Pump.	
Gym Leader	person	66	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Grass-type	type	43	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	64	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	28	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	82	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Water-type	type	26	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Gym Badge	item	50	 Ash is determined to get his third Orange League Gym Badge.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	111	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	1	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	18	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	142	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Exeggutor	pokemon	19	 Bulbasaur rescues Exeggutor with its vines, and the second victory goes to Ash.	
Water Gun	move	120	Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Water Gun	move	47	 Squirtle escapes the Thunderbolt with another Water Gun, Withdraws inside its shell as it's about to fall off the cliff, then releases huge jets of water from its shell to fly back onto the battlefield.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	56	 Ash then has an easy time using Pikachu, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur to destroy the remaining targets, and eventually passes the test.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	81	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	25	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	99	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	87	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur rescues Exeggutor with its vines, and the second victory goes to Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	21	 Ash quickly returns Charizard, apologizes to Misty and continues.	
Electric	type	91	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Egg Bomb	move	122	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Squirtle	pokemon	92	Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Squirtle	pokemon	42	 Ash then has an easy time using Pikachu, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur to destroy the remaining targets, and eventually passes the test.	
Squirtle	pokemon	81	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Squirtle	pokemon	173	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Squirtle	pokemon	134	 After thinking over the chance of a lifetime from Rudy, Misty finally makes her choice: she yells at Ash to win since he can release Squirtle's hidden power.	
Squirtle	pokemon	12	 Ash orders Squirtle to fight back.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle escapes the Thunderbolt with another Water Gun, Withdraws inside its shell as it's about to fall off the cliff, then releases huge jets of water from its shell to fly back onto the battlefield.	
Squirtle	pokemon	21	 Misty realizes that Squirtle has now learned Hydro Pump.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Squirtle	pokemon	130	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Trovita	building	107	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Trovita	building	43	While riding Lapras the rest of the way to Trovita Island, Ash and Misty ask the girl what she was doing out on the current.	
Trovita	building	51	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Suddenly, Pikachu spots a little girl and a Seel caught in the strong current, crying for help.	
Pikachu	pokemon	24	 Ash is successful with Pikachu on the first target, but Rudy is too preoccupied with looking at Misty instead of paying attention.	
Pikachu	pokemon	6	 Ash, Pikachu and Tracey manage to dodge a Flamethrower, but Misty isn't as lucky, and she gets blasted.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Ash then has an easy time using Pikachu, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur to destroy the remaining targets, and eventually passes the test.	
Pikachu	pokemon	126	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Pikachu	pokemon	80	 Tracey then butts in and shows Oak his latest Pokémon sketches, while Ash and Pikachu sit down to eat their dinner.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Pikachu	pokemon	101	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Pikachu	pokemon	143	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Trainer	person	46	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Starmie	pokemon	110	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Starmie	pokemon	14	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Starmie	pokemon	110	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Starmie	pokemon	57	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	37	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	123	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 Tracey then butts in and shows Oak his latest Pokémon sketches, while Ash and Pikachu sit down to eat their dinner.	
Pokémon	pokemon	100	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Pokémon	pokemon	105	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	54	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Pokémon	pokemon	41	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	147	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Lapras	pokemon	29	 Ash joins in by sending out Lapras and helping Misty bring the girl over to the island.	
Lapras	pokemon	13	While riding Lapras the rest of the way to Trovita Island, Ash and Misty ask the girl what she was doing out on the current.	
Lapras	pokemon	4	 As Lapras and the ship both arrive in port, the young man, who later introduces himself as Rudy, arrives to embrace Mahri, who is revealed to be his sister, and thank Misty for rescuing her by offering plenty of flowers.	
Lapras	pokemon	55	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Tracey	person	68	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Tracey	person	18	 Ash, Pikachu and Tracey manage to dodge a Flamethrower, but Misty isn't as lucky, and she gets blasted.	
Tracey	person	139	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey then butts in and shows Oak his latest Pokémon sketches, while Ash and Pikachu sit down to eat their dinner.	
Tracey	person	32	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Tracey	person	21	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Togepi	pokemon	56	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Togepi	pokemon	12	 Rudy hands Togepi to Ash, and then dances with Misty.	
Togepi	pokemon	74	 Rudy and Misty get out on the dance floor, shortly followed by Mahri and Togepi.	
Togepi	pokemon	24	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Togepi	pokemon	42	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Staryu	pokemon	40	 Misty jumps into action by sending out Staryu and then swims down to rescue the girl.	
Mahri	person	37	 The girl, who introduces herself as Mahri, says that she and her Seel were just playing when the current sucked them in.	
Mahri	person	18	 Misty then tells Mahri to always be careful next time she goes swimming.	
Mahri	person	117	 As Lapras and the ship both arrive in port, the young man, who later introduces himself as Rudy, arrives to embrace Mahri, who is revealed to be his sister, and thank Misty for rescuing her by offering plenty of flowers.	
Mahri	person	78	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Mahri	person	95	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Mahri	person	17	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Mahri	person	64	 Rudy and Misty get out on the dance floor, shortly followed by Mahri and Togepi.	
Mahri	person	48	 Rudy asks Misty if she would stay with him and Mahri forever.	
Mahri	person	44	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Mahri	person	11	Meanwhile, Mahri asks Misty what Rudy said to her last night.	
Mahri	person	1	 Mahri is shocked, while Rudy loses his concentration after hearing Misty's words.	
Grass	type	43	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Sleep	item	104	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Misty	person	49	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty jumps into action by sending out Staryu and then swims down to rescue the girl.	
Misty	person	48	 Ash joins in by sending out Lapras and helping Misty bring the girl over to the island.	
Misty	person	79	 Meanwhile, a young man has been watching the whole thing, and is impressed by Misty's actions.	
Misty	person	67	While riding Lapras the rest of the way to Trovita Island, Ash and Misty ask the girl what she was doing out on the current.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then tells Mahri to always be careful next time she goes swimming.	
Misty	person	168	 As Lapras and the ship both arrive in port, the young man, who later introduces himself as Rudy, arrives to embrace Mahri, who is revealed to be his sister, and thank Misty for rescuing her by offering plenty of flowers.	
Misty	person	48	 Rudy hands Togepi to Ash, and then dances with Misty.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Misty	person	97	 Ash is successful with Pikachu on the first target, but Rudy is too preoccupied with looking at Misty instead of paying attention.	
Misty	person	61	 Ash, Pikachu and Tracey manage to dodge a Flamethrower, but Misty isn't as lucky, and she gets blasted.	
Misty	person	46	 Ash quickly returns Charizard, apologizes to Misty and continues.	
Misty	person	73	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Misty	person	28	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Misty	person	10	 Rudy and Misty get out on the dance floor, shortly followed by Mahri and Togepi.	
Misty	person	11	 Rudy asks Misty if she would stay with him and Mahri forever.	
Misty	person	40	 Given food for thought by those words, Misty stops dancing to think about it, while Rudy tells her to make her decision after the match tomorrow.	
Misty	person	17	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Misty	person	22	Meanwhile, Mahri asks Misty what Rudy said to her last night.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty uneasily answers that it was nothing important, but obviously, she's still thinking about the offer from Rudy.	
Misty	person	162	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Misty	person	57	 After thinking over the chance of a lifetime from Rudy, Misty finally makes her choice: she yells at Ash to win since he can release Squirtle's hidden power.	
Misty	person	68	 Mahri is shocked, while Rudy loses his concentration after hearing Misty's words.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty realizes that Squirtle has now learned Hydro Pump.	
Misty	person	79	As the sun sets, Ash receives his Spike Shell Badge from Rudy, who also offers Misty one more bunch of flowers.	
Misty	person	28	 Rudy is now convinced that Misty wants Ash, who doesn't seem to have a clue about it.	
Misty	person	14	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Water	type	26	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Water	type	120	Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Water	type	35	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Water	type	50	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Water	type	47	 Squirtle escapes the Thunderbolt with another Water Gun, Withdraws inside its shell as it's about to fall off the cliff, then releases huge jets of water from its shell to fly back onto the battlefield.	
Badge	item	54	 Ash is determined to get his third Orange League Gym Badge.	
Badge	item	180	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Badge	item	46	As the sun sets, Ash receives his Spike Shell Badge from Rudy, who also offers Misty one more bunch of flowers.	
Rudy	person	92	 As Lapras and the ship both arrive in port, the young man, who later introduces himself as Rudy, arrives to embrace Mahri, who is revealed to be his sister, and thank Misty for rescuing her by offering plenty of flowers.	
Rudy	person	1	 Rudy hands Togepi to Ash, and then dances with Misty.	
Rudy	person	39	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Rudy	person	35	 Ash wastes no time in challenging Rudy.	
Rudy	person	23	 After a war of words, Rudy tells Ash that if he wants to challenge him, he has to pass a small attack test.	
Rudy	person	22	The group head off to Rudy's speedboat, and Ash must knock down all the targets in order to challenge Rudy.	
Rudy	person	102	The group head off to Rudy's speedboat, and Ash must knock down all the targets in order to challenge Rudy.	
Rudy	person	57	 Ash is successful with Pikachu on the first target, but Rudy is too preoccupied with looking at Misty instead of paying attention.	
Rudy	person	17	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Rudy	person	118	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Rudy	person	11	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Rudy	person	93	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Rudy	person	1	 Rudy and Misty get out on the dance floor, shortly followed by Mahri and Togepi.	
Rudy	person	1	 Rudy asks Misty if she would stay with him and Mahri forever.	
Rudy	person	85	 Given food for thought by those words, Misty stops dancing to think about it, while Rudy tells her to make her decision after the match tomorrow.	
Rudy	person	26	The next morning, Ash and Rudy are both ready to battle each other on top of one of the island's huge spikes.	
Rudy	person	101	 The spectators, Misty, Togepi, Tracey, and Mahri included, watch from a hot-air balloon, and one of Rudy's friends does commentary while riding a Pidgeot.	
Rudy	person	49	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Rudy	person	158	 Pikachu tries to take down Electabuzz with a Thunderbolt and a Quick Attack, but Electabuzz defeats Pikachu with a ThunderPunch, giving the first victory to Rudy.	
Rudy	person	33	Meanwhile, Mahri asks Misty what Rudy said to her last night.	
Rudy	person	112	 Misty uneasily answers that it was nothing important, but obviously, she's still thinking about the offer from Rudy.	
Rudy	person	96	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Rudy	person	95	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Rudy	person	66	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Rudy	person	51	 After thinking over the chance of a lifetime from Rudy, Misty finally makes her choice: she yells at Ash to win since he can release Squirtle's hidden power.	
Rudy	person	25	 Mahri is shocked, while Rudy loses his concentration after hearing Misty's words.	
Rudy	person	57	As the sun sets, Ash receives his Spike Shell Badge from Rudy, who also offers Misty one more bunch of flowers.	
Rudy	person	1	 Rudy is now convinced that Misty wants Ash, who doesn't seem to have a clue about it.	
Seel	pokemon	45	 Suddenly, Pikachu spots a little girl and a Seel caught in the strong current, crying for help.	
Seel	pokemon	66	 The girl, who introduces herself as Mahri, says that she and her Seel were just playing when the current sucked them in.	
Gym	building	50	 Ash is determined to get his third Orange League Gym Badge.	
Gym	building	148	 He compliments the young Water-type Pokémon Trainer on her daring rescue of Mahri, and asks if she could train the other Pokémon Trainers at his Gym.	
Gym	building	66	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Gym	building	36	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Gym	building	82	Meanwhile, Rudy, Mahri, and Misty finish an exquisite dinner and head down to the Gym to see Rudy's Pokémon working out by dancing to music as a way of improving their skills.	
Ash	person	35	Getting a ferry from Trovitopolis, Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Togepi, and Tracey are finally going to make it to Trovita Island, which is surrounded by whirlpools and huge spiked rocks.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is determined to get his third Orange League Gym Badge.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash joins in by sending out Lapras and helping Misty bring the girl over to the island.	
Ash	person	59	While riding Lapras the rest of the way to Trovita Island, Ash and Misty ask the girl what she was doing out on the current.	
Ash	person	22	 Rudy hands Togepi to Ash, and then dances with Misty.	
Ash	person	11	 Misty and Ash are both awestruck that Rudy is the Trovita Island Gym Leader.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash wastes no time in challenging Rudy.	
Ash	person	34	 After a war of words, Rudy tells Ash that if he wants to challenge him, he has to pass a small attack test.	
Ash	person	44	The group head off to Rudy's speedboat, and Ash must knock down all the targets in order to challenge Rudy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is successful with Pikachu on the first target, but Rudy is too preoccupied with looking at Misty instead of paying attention.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Charizard.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, Pikachu and Tracey manage to dodge a Flamethrower, but Misty isn't as lucky, and she gets blasted.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash quickly returns Charizard, apologizes to Misty and continues.	
Ash	person	39	Team Rocket shows up again, meanwhile, Ash sees another target appear in front of them, and Squirtle destroys it with a Water Gun, causing a tree to fall and send Team Rocket flying.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then has an easy time using Pikachu, Squirtle, and Bulbasaur to destroy the remaining targets, and eventually passes the test.	
Ash	person	121	 As night falls, Rudy schedules the Gym battle for tomorrow, and invites Misty to join him and Mahri for dinner, leaving Ash, Pikachu, and Tracey alone.	
Ash	person	21	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Ash	person	86	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Ash	person	72	 Tracey then butts in and shows Oak his latest Pokémon sketches, while Ash and Pikachu sit down to eat their dinner.	
Ash	person	18	The next morning, Ash and Rudy are both ready to battle each other on top of one of the island's huge spikes.	
Ash	person	22	 As the match begins, Ash sends out Pikachu, and Rudy sends out Electabuzz, since both are Electric-type Pokémon.	
Ash	person	67	For the next round, both Trainers will use Grass-type Pokémon, so Ash sends out Bulbasaur, and Rudy sends out Exeggutor, and asks for some music.	
Ash	person	68	 As it looks like Exeggutor is about to deliver the finishing blow, Ash quickly orders Bulbasaur to use Sleep Powder, which successfully puts Exeggutor to sleep, as well as cause it to fall off the cliff, knocking Team Rocket back down into the sea below.	
Ash	person	76	 Bulbasaur rescues Exeggutor with its vines, and the second victory goes to Ash.	
Ash	person	67	Now, in the third and final round, Water Pokémon will be used, so Ash sends out Squirtle, and Rudy sends out Starmie, as well as dedicating the final victory to Misty.	
Ash	person	207	 Squirtle and Starmie both attack each other with Water Guns, and Rudy quickly plays some more music, causing Starmie to spin so much, it uses a Thunderbolt attack to knock Squirtle into submission, leaving Ash horrified.	
Ash	person	102	 After thinking over the chance of a lifetime from Rudy, Misty finally makes her choice: she yells at Ash to win since he can release Squirtle's hidden power.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash orders Squirtle to fight back.	
Ash	person	94	 Squirtle uses its new attack and a Skull Bash to defeat Starmie, giving the final victory to Ash, who celebrates by dancing with Squirtle and Pikachu about how they need one more Badge to get into the Orange League.	
Ash	person	17	As the sun sets, Ash receives his Spike Shell Badge from Rudy, who also offers Misty one more bunch of flowers.	
Ash	person	40	 Rudy is now convinced that Misty wants Ash, who doesn't seem to have a clue about it.	
Ash	person	9	 And so, Ash, Misty, Tracey, Pikachu, and Togepi board Lapras and sail off into the sunset.	
Egg	item	122	 Exeggutor easily avoids Bulbasaur's Razor Leaf attack by dancing to avoid the leaves, then knocks Bulbasaur down with an Egg Bomb.	
Oak	person	49	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Oak	person	75	A few minutes later, Ash is talking to Professor Oak on the telephone, and Oak wishes Ash good luck in his match with Rudy tomorrow.	
Oak	person	32	 Tracey then butts in and shows Oak his latest Pokémon sketches, while Ash and Pikachu sit down to eat their dinner.	
