Poison Sting	move	161	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Ground-type	type	98	 They get boxed into a canyon, and Pikachu chooses to fight with Thunderbolt, but Rhydon, being a Ground-type, negates the attack.	
Team Rocket	group	93	 One of the apples falls onto Ash’s head, and he tries to eat it, finding out it is a fake.Team Rocket reveals themselves and how they used reverse psychology with the real fruit basket, causing Ash to pin the blame on Misty for her poor judgment, but she dismisses the subject and orders Ash to "find them a way out of there".	
Team Rocket	group	69	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Back where Team Rocket landed their hot-air balloon, Jessie and James wonder if Meowth can bring Pikachu back, but then say "No way".	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket takes off in the balloon to search, and the heroes decide to do the same.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 He thinks Pikachu should abandon Ash and join Team Rocket, believing the two would make a great team.	
Team Rocket	group	37	 Both prepare to attack, but Ash and Team Rocket arrive.	
Team Rocket	group	57	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket runs back to the balloon and prepares a cannon.	
Team Rocket	group	70	 Togepi uses Metronome, which causes the balloon to explode and sends Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	12	 Meanwhile, Team Rocket is battered and hungry.	
Thunderbolt	move	52	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Thunderbolt	move	27	 Pikachu responds by using Thunderbolt, and though he accidentally shocks Meowth on the first try, he manages to get the Pidgeot on the next try, causing it to release, sending them plummeting.	
Thunderbolt	move	56	 Angered by this revelation, Pikachu shocks Meowth with Thunderbolt.	
Thunderbolt	move	65	 They get boxed into a canyon, and Pikachu chooses to fight with Thunderbolt, but Rhydon, being a Ground-type, negates the attack.	
Thunderbolt	move	97	 Both Pokémon jump up onto Rhydon and Meowth tickles it to get it to laugh, and Pikachu fires a Thunderbolt into its mouth to knock it out.	
Thunderbolt	move	79	 Meowth jumps for it, but Pikachu pulls Meowth down with the rope before using Thunderbolt to bring it down.	
Poison Gas	move	188	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Mega Punch	move	14	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Victreebel	pokemon	50	 Ash sends Pikachu to attack, and James sends out Victreebel, which bites Arbok.	
Vine Whip	move	16	 Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip to send both of them flying back.	
Confusion	move	61	 The cannon prepares to fire and Misty orders Psyduck to use Confusion.	
Metronome	move	13	 Togepi uses Metronome, which causes the balloon to explode and sends Team Rocket flying.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	38	 Ash and his friends corner them with Bulbasaur and Staryu.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Bulbasaur out, knocking Meowth out of James’s grip.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur uses Vine Whip to send both of them flying back.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu looks at the map and points at a mark, now inspired to look for buried treasure.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Pikachu	pokemon	128	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Pikachu	pokemon	8	 Before Pikachu can recover, Meowth locks one of the belts around Pikachu's waist and the other belt around his own waist.	
Pikachu	pokemon	66	 Before Pikachu can recover, Meowth locks one of the belts around Pikachu's waist and the other belt around his own waist.	
Pikachu	pokemon	140	 The Rockets then escape with their prize just as Ash, Misty, and Tracey climb out of the hole, too late to stop the villains from stealing Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	Soon afterward, Pikachu stands helplessly amongst the Rockets as they prepare to take him back to their boss.	
Pikachu	pokemon	103	 However, their plans are foiled yet again when a giant Pidgeot swoops down and grabs the rope binding Pikachu and Meowth, with Meowth losing his electric deflection gloves in the ascent.	
Pikachu	pokemon	36	 As the bird makes off with him and Pikachu, Meowth thinks that Pidgeot is taking them back to its nest, and he asks Pikachu if he can do something about this.	
Pikachu	pokemon	117	 As the bird makes off with him and Pikachu, Meowth thinks that Pidgeot is taking them back to its nest, and he asks Pikachu if he can do something about this.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu responds by using Thunderbolt, and though he accidentally shocks Meowth on the first try, he manages to get the Pidgeot on the next try, causing it to release, sending them plummeting.	
Pikachu	pokemon	57	 Meowth, saying that there's no way he is going to break Pikachu's fall, attempts to use Pikachu as a cushion for the landing, but Pikachu tries to switch it around.	
Pikachu	pokemon	89	 Meowth, saying that there's no way he is going to break Pikachu's fall, attempts to use Pikachu as a cushion for the landing, but Pikachu tries to switch it around.	
Pikachu	pokemon	131	 Meowth, saying that there's no way he is going to break Pikachu's fall, attempts to use Pikachu as a cushion for the landing, but Pikachu tries to switch it around.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 After alternating, Pikachu emerges victorious and Meowth hits the ground first.	
Pikachu	pokemon	107	 This is not the end of their troubles, however, as the rope hitched to their belts leaves both Meowth and Pikachu stuck together in the middle of the island; Meowth reveals that Jessie has the key that unlocks the belts.	
Pikachu	pokemon	29	 Angered by this revelation, Pikachu shocks Meowth with Thunderbolt.	
Pikachu	pokemon	97	Back where Team Rocket landed their hot-air balloon, Jessie and James wonder if Meowth can bring Pikachu back, but then say "No way".	
Pikachu	pokemon	46	 Both Misty and Tracey know how close Ash and Pikachu are and that Ash will not stop searching.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	Meanwhile, Meowth and Pikachu run into a fork in the road and try to go separate ways, but the rope causes them to knock each other over flat on their faces.	
Pikachu	pokemon	109	 Meowth goes into a frenzy and angrily declares that they will be going in the direction he wants to go, but Pikachu threatens to shock Meowth again, forcing him to cooperate.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 After a moment, Meowth knows that Pikachu is in charge and tries to put up a friendly attitude, but Pikachu knows Meowth is deceptive and breaks it with another electric blast.	
Pikachu	pokemon	101	 After a moment, Meowth knows that Pikachu is in charge and tries to put up a friendly attitude, but Pikachu knows Meowth is deceptive and breaks it with another electric blast.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	Meowth and Pikachu are still walking, when suddenly Pikachu smells something.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	Meowth and Pikachu are still walking, when suddenly Pikachu smells something.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 A giant Rhydon comes up from behind and Pikachu tries to run, but Meowth is too scared.	
Pikachu	pokemon	20	 Rhydon attacks and Pikachu pulls them away and up the hill, with Rhydon in hot pursuit.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 They get boxed into a canyon, and Pikachu chooses to fight with Thunderbolt, but Rhydon, being a Ground-type, negates the attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 It prepares to rush and Pikachu comes up with a plan.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 Both Pokémon jump up onto Rhydon and Meowth tickles it to get it to laugh, and Pikachu fires a Thunderbolt into its mouth to knock it out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Ash and the others find Pikachu's footprints from the Rhydon struggle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	Night falls and both Pikachu and Meowth are hungry from fatigue.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 Meowth jumps for it, but Pikachu pulls Meowth down with the rope before using Thunderbolt to bring it down.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu prepares to eat it all, but after seeing Meowth’s sadness decides to split the apple.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 Meowth realizes how nice Pikachu is and talks about how they could have been friends had things in their lives had gone differently.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 He thinks Pikachu should abandon Ash and join Team Rocket, believing the two would make a great team.	
Pikachu	pokemon	10	 However, Pikachu can't hear him as he has fallen asleep in Meowth's lap.	
Pikachu	pokemon	104	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	100	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash sends Pikachu to attack, and James sends out Victreebel, which bites Arbok.	
Pikachu	pokemon	55	 Jessie loses the key and Ash grabs it, unlocking both Pikachu and Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Ash and Pikachu hug after being separated.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Meowth misses Pikachu's kindness.	
Weezing	pokemon	37	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	178	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Psyduck	pokemon	37	 Misty tries to send out Staryu, but Psyduck comes out instead.	
Psyduck	pokemon	46	 The cannon prepares to fire and Misty orders Psyduck to use Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	12	 They think Psyduck did it, but Misty suspects Togepi did.	
Pokémon	pokemon	6	 Both Pokémon jump up onto Rhydon and Meowth tickles it to get it to laugh, and Pikachu fires a Thunderbolt into its mouth to knock it out.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	116	With Ash earning his third Badge, he and his friends have now stopped on an island known to have larger-than-normal Pidgeot and Rhydon.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	56	 However, their plans are foiled yet again when a giant Pidgeot swoops down and grabs the rope binding Pikachu and Meowth, with Meowth losing his electric deflection gloves in the ascent.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	64	 As the bird makes off with him and Pikachu, Meowth thinks that Pidgeot is taking them back to its nest, and he asks Pikachu if he can do something about this.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	121	 Pikachu responds by using Thunderbolt, and though he accidentally shocks Meowth on the first try, he manages to get the Pidgeot on the next try, causing it to release, sending them plummeting.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	39	 Tracey sends out Marill to listen for Pidgeot, leading them to Pidgeot’s nest atop a giant rock spire.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	64	 Tracey sends out Marill to listen for Pidgeot, leading them to Pidgeot’s nest atop a giant rock spire.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	5	 The Pidgeot subsequently returns and dive-bombs Ash, knocking him off the spire and back down to his friends.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	44	The next day, the two wake up and the giant Pidgeot swoops down after them.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	71	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Pidgeot	pokemon	86	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Snorlax	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Snorlax	pokemon	1	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Ground	type	98	 They get boxed into a canyon, and Pikachu chooses to fight with Thunderbolt, but Rhydon, being a Ground-type, negates the attack.	
Marill	pokemon	18	 Tracey sends out Marill to listen for Pidgeot, leading them to Pidgeot’s nest atop a giant rock spire.	
Rhydon	pokemon	128	With Ash earning his third Badge, he and his friends have now stopped on an island known to have larger-than-normal Pidgeot and Rhydon.	
Rhydon	pokemon	9	 A giant Rhydon comes up from behind and Pikachu tries to run, but Meowth is too scared.	
Rhydon	pokemon	1	 Rhydon attacks and Pikachu pulls them away and up the hill, with Rhydon in hot pursuit.	
Rhydon	pokemon	66	 Rhydon attacks and Pikachu pulls them away and up the hill, with Rhydon in hot pursuit.	
Rhydon	pokemon	1	 Rhydon knocks them around and they make another run.	
Rhydon	pokemon	55	 They both fall down a cliff and continue running, but Rhydon is gaining.	
Rhydon	pokemon	82	 They get boxed into a canyon, and Pikachu chooses to fight with Thunderbolt, but Rhydon, being a Ground-type, negates the attack.	
Rhydon	pokemon	28	 Both Pokémon jump up onto Rhydon and Meowth tickles it to get it to laugh, and Pikachu fires a Thunderbolt into its mouth to knock it out.	
Rhydon	pokemon	55	 Ash and the others find Pikachu's footprints from the Rhydon struggle.	
Rhydon	pokemon	32	 They try to run, but the giant Rhydon cuts them off.	
Rhydon	pokemon	31	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Rhydon	pokemon	33	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Jessie	person	179	 This is not the end of their troubles, however, as the rope hitched to their belts leaves both Meowth and Pikachu stuck together in the middle of the island; Meowth reveals that Jessie has the key that unlocks the belts.	
Jessie	person	53	Back where Team Rocket landed their hot-air balloon, Jessie and James wonder if Meowth can bring Pikachu back, but then say "No way".	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James are still searching from the balloon without much success.	
Jessie	person	44	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Jessie	person	19	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie loses the key and Ash grabs it, unlocking both Pikachu and Meowth.	
Jessie	person	54	 They find an apple, and all three fight for it, with Jessie eating it all.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth then breaks out a pair of blue belts with red spheres implanted into back of them, and hitched to the spheres is strong white rope.	
Meowth	pokemon	29	 Before Pikachu can recover, Meowth locks one of the belts around Pikachu's waist and the other belt around his own waist.	
Meowth	pokemon	115	 However, their plans are foiled yet again when a giant Pidgeot swoops down and grabs the rope binding Pikachu and Meowth, with Meowth losing his electric deflection gloves in the ascent.	
Meowth	pokemon	128	 However, their plans are foiled yet again when a giant Pidgeot swoops down and grabs the rope binding Pikachu and Meowth, with Meowth losing his electric deflection gloves in the ascent.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 As the bird makes off with him and Pikachu, Meowth thinks that Pidgeot is taking them back to its nest, and he asks Pikachu if he can do something about this.	
Meowth	pokemon	74	 Pikachu responds by using Thunderbolt, and though he accidentally shocks Meowth on the first try, he manages to get the Pidgeot on the next try, causing it to release, sending them plummeting.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth, saying that there's no way he is going to break Pikachu's fall, attempts to use Pikachu as a cushion for the landing, but Pikachu tries to switch it around.	
Meowth	pokemon	51	 After alternating, Pikachu emerges victorious and Meowth hits the ground first.	
Meowth	pokemon	96	 This is not the end of their troubles, however, as the rope hitched to their belts leaves both Meowth and Pikachu stuck together in the middle of the island; Meowth reveals that Jessie has the key that unlocks the belts.	
Meowth	pokemon	159	 This is not the end of their troubles, however, as the rope hitched to their belts leaves both Meowth and Pikachu stuck together in the middle of the island; Meowth reveals that Jessie has the key that unlocks the belts.	
Meowth	pokemon	44	 Angered by this revelation, Pikachu shocks Meowth with Thunderbolt.	
Meowth	pokemon	80	Back where Team Rocket landed their hot-air balloon, Jessie and James wonder if Meowth can bring Pikachu back, but then say "No way".	
Meowth	pokemon	11	Meanwhile, Meowth and Pikachu run into a fork in the road and try to go separate ways, but the rope causes them to knock each other over flat on their faces.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth goes into a frenzy and angrily declares that they will be going in the direction he wants to go, but Pikachu threatens to shock Meowth again, forcing him to cooperate.	
Meowth	pokemon	136	 Meowth goes into a frenzy and angrily declares that they will be going in the direction he wants to go, but Pikachu threatens to shock Meowth again, forcing him to cooperate.	
Meowth	pokemon	17	 After a moment, Meowth knows that Pikachu is in charge and tries to put up a friendly attitude, but Pikachu knows Meowth is deceptive and breaks it with another electric blast.Meowth and Pikachu are still walking, when suddenly Pikachu smells something.	
Meowth	pokemon	115	 After a moment, Meowth knows that Pikachu is in charge and tries to put up a friendly attitude, but Pikachu knows Meowth is deceptive and breaks it with another electric blast.Meowth and Pikachu are still walking, when suddenly Pikachu smells something.	
Meowth	pokemon	177	 After a moment, Meowth knows that Pikachu is in charge and tries to put up a friendly attitude, but Pikachu knows Meowth is deceptive and breaks it with another electric blast.Meowth and Pikachu are still walking, when suddenly Pikachu smells something.	
Meowth	pokemon	67	 A giant Rhydon comes up from behind and Pikachu tries to run, but Meowth is too scared.	
Meowth	pokemon	39	 Both Pokémon jump up onto Rhydon and Meowth tickles it to get it to laugh, and Pikachu fires a Thunderbolt into its mouth to knock it out.	
Meowth	pokemon	33	Night falls and both Pikachu and Meowth are hungry from fatigue.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth jumps for it, but Pikachu pulls Meowth down with the rope before using Thunderbolt to bring it down.	
Meowth	pokemon	40	 Meowth jumps for it, but Pikachu pulls Meowth down with the rope before using Thunderbolt to bring it down.	
Meowth	pokemon	50	 Pikachu prepares to eat it all, but after seeing Meowth’s sadness decides to split the apple.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth realizes how nice Pikachu is and talks about how they could have been friends had things in their lives had gone differently.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 However, Pikachu can't hear him as he has fallen asleep in Meowth's lap.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth simply chuckles "I can dream, can't I?	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	82	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
Meowth	pokemon	44	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Meowth	pokemon	114	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Meowth	pokemon	35	 Ash sends Bulbasaur out, knocking Meowth out of James’s grip.	
Meowth	pokemon	67	 Jessie loses the key and Ash grabs it, unlocking both Pikachu and Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth misses Pikachu's kindness.	
Tracey	person	66	 The Rockets then escape with their prize just as Ash, Misty, and Tracey climb out of the hole, too late to stop the villains from stealing Pikachu.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sends out Marill to listen for Pidgeot, leading them to Pidgeot’s nest atop a giant rock spire.	
Tracey	person	16	 Both Misty and Tracey know how close Ash and Pikachu are and that Ash will not stop searching.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi uses Metronome, which causes the balloon to explode and sends Team Rocket flying.	
Togepi	pokemon	47	 They think Psyduck did it, but Misty suspects Togepi did.	
Staryu	pokemon	52	 Ash and his friends corner them with Bulbasaur and Staryu.	
Staryu	pokemon	25	 Misty tries to send out Staryu, but Psyduck comes out instead.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing.	
James	person	64	Back where Team Rocket landed their hot-air balloon, Jessie and James wonder if Meowth can bring Pikachu back, but then say "No way".	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James are still searching from the balloon without much success.	
James	person	30	 Meowth runs up to Jessie and James, but is crushed that Team Rocket searched for Meowth only to get to Pikachu.	
James	person	29	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
James	person	133	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
James	person	49	 Ash sends Bulbasaur out, knocking Meowth out of James’s grip.	
James	person	34	 Ash sends Pikachu to attack, and James sends out Victreebel, which bites Arbok.	
Misty	person	22	 Ash goes for it, but Misty stops him, suspecting a trap.	
Misty	person	128	Team Rocket reveals themselves and how they used reverse psychology with the real fruit basket, causing Ash to pin the blame on Misty for her poor judgment, but she dismisses the subject and orders Ash to "find them a way out of there".	
Misty	person	55	 The Rockets then escape with their prize just as Ash, Misty, and Tracey climb out of the hole, too late to stop the villains from stealing Pikachu.	
Misty	person	10	 Ignoring Misty's advice instead of listening to her like before, Ash climbs up to the top, only to discover that the nest is empty.	
Misty	person	6	 Both Misty and Tracey know how close Ash and Pikachu are and that Ash will not stop searching.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tries to send out Staryu, but Psyduck comes out instead.	
Misty	person	33	 The cannon prepares to fire and Misty orders Psyduck to use Confusion.	
Misty	person	32	 They think Psyduck did it, but Misty suspects Togepi did.	
Badge	item	27	With Ash earning his third Badge, he and his friends have now stopped on an island known to have larger-than-normal Pidgeot and Rhydon.	
Arbok	pokemon	27	 Jessie and James send out Arbok and Weezing.	
Arbok	pokemon	153	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Arbok	pokemon	57	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Arbok	pokemon	53	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Arbok	pokemon	74	 Ash sends Pikachu to attack, and James sends out Victreebel, which bites Arbok.	
Bite	move	73	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Wrap	move	64	 Snorlax uses Mega Punch to send Rhydon flying while Arbok uses Wrap and Bite to send Pidgeot scurrying.	
Ash	person	5	With Ash earning his third Badge, he and his friends have now stopped on an island known to have larger-than-normal Pidgeot and Rhydon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash goes for it, but Misty stops him, suspecting a trap.	
Ash	person	30	 One of the apples falls onto Ash’s head, and he tries to eat it, finding out it is a fake.	
Ash	person	104	Team Rocket reveals themselves and how they used reverse psychology with the real fruit basket, causing Ash to pin the blame on Misty for her poor judgment, but she dismisses the subject and orders Ash to "find them a way out of there".	
Ash	person	198	Team Rocket reveals themselves and how they used reverse psychology with the real fruit basket, causing Ash to pin the blame on Misty for her poor judgment, but she dismisses the subject and orders Ash to "find them a way out of there".	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Pikachu out of the hole and attacks with Thunderbolt, but Team Rocket uses special gloves to deflect the attack, and Pikachu is made dizzy by Arbok's Poison Sting and Weezing's Poison Gas, respectively.	
Ash	person	50	 The Rockets then escape with their prize just as Ash, Misty, and Tracey climb out of the hole, too late to stop the villains from stealing Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends corner them with Bulbasaur and Staryu.	
Ash	person	66	 Ignoring Misty's advice instead of listening to her like before, Ash climbs up to the top, only to discover that the nest is empty.	
Ash	person	49	 The Pidgeot subsequently returns and dive-bombs Ash, knocking him off the spire and back down to his friends.	
Ash	person	23	 Apparently undaunted, Ash gets up and continues to search.	
Ash	person	38	 Both Misty and Tracey know how close Ash and Pikachu are and that Ash will not stop searching.	
Ash	person	67	 Both Misty and Tracey know how close Ash and Pikachu are and that Ash will not stop searching.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and the others find Pikachu's footprints from the Rhydon struggle.	
Ash	person	42	 They follow the tracks to the cliff, and Ash jumps down the cliff to continue looking.	
Ash	person	34	 He thinks Pikachu should abandon Ash and join Team Rocket, believing the two would make a great team.	
Ash	person	29	 Both prepare to attack, but Ash and Team Rocket arrive.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Snorlax to stop Rhydon while Jessie sends Arbok to stop Pidgeot.	
Ash	person	20	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Ash	person	68	 Pikachu runs up to Ash, but James pulls on Meowth in a tug-of-war, Ash demanding them to let go of Pikachu while Meowth screams for James to let go of him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Bulbasaur out, knocking Meowth out of James’s grip.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends Pikachu to attack, and James sends out Victreebel, which bites Arbok.	
Ash	person	26	 Jessie loses the key and Ash grabs it, unlocking both Pikachu and Meowth.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Pikachu hug after being separated.	
