Cleopatra Island	region	31	 They then set a course toward Cleopatra Island which they presume to be deserted.	
Pokémon League	group	81	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Flamethrower	move	90	 Charizard does nothing that Ash tells it and flies around trying to get Poliwrath with a Flamethrower and fails every time.	
Flamethrower	move	43	 Charizard once again wakes up and tries a Flamethrower.	
Flamethrower	move	88	 Ash tries to get Charizard to calm down, even going as far as to let Charizard use its Flamethrower on him when he's feeling better.	
Flamethrower	move	38	 Getting angry, Charizard unleashes a Flamethrower at Ash, Misty and Tracey.	
Quick Attack	move	19	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack to get rid of the illusory Poliwrath.	
Seismic Toss	move	62	 Charizard carries it up to the sky and then does its dreaded Seismic Toss on Poliwrath, winning the match for Charizard and Ash.	
Trovita Gym	building	49	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket however is on the island fixing up some sort of machine and spot "the twerps".	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket watches the match noting that they know how it feels but they are determined none the less to get Pikachu.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 However, Team Rocket attacks by causing an explosion that lets them trap Pikachu inside a giant drill machine.	
Team Rocket	group	31	 Tad rejoins the group just as Team Rocket says their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket soon makes their getaway by digging a tunnel.	
Team Rocket	group	32	 Pikachu is returned to Ash but Team Rocket is not done yet.	
Team Rocket	group	22	 This attack destroys Team Rocket’s machine and sends them blasting off once again.	
Dragon Rage	move	77	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Double Team	move	70	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but Poliwrath immediately uses Double Team to avoid it.	
Thunderbolt	move	26	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but Poliwrath immediately uses Double Team to avoid it.	
Charmander	pokemon	93	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Charmander	pokemon	84	 Charizard lies there listening to Ash's kind words and remembers how when it was a Charmander Ash saved its life when it was abandoned in a rainstorm by its Trainer.	
Charmander	pokemon	73	 It then remembers the good times it shared with Ash when it was still a Charmander and then how, despite evolving into Charmeleon and Charizard and growing increasingly disobedient Ash has still never given up on it.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	134	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Charmeleon	pokemon	120	 It then remembers the good times it shared with Ash when it was still a Charmander and then how, despite evolving into Charmeleon and Charizard and growing increasingly disobedient Ash has still never given up on it.	
Body Slam	move	24	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	75	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	91	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	43	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but Poliwrath immediately uses Double Team to avoid it.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	59	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack to get rid of the illusory Poliwrath.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	63	 As Pikachu gets rid of the last one he uses his tail to shock Poliwrath however despite this Poliwrath seems undamaged.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	94	 As Pikachu gets rid of the last one he uses his tail to shock Poliwrath however despite this Poliwrath seems undamaged.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	1	 Poliwrath quickly uses Hypnosis followed by Water Gun to defeat Pikachu.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	68	 Tracey explains that Tad let Pikachu use his power up so that when Poliwrath used its own power, it can easily defeat Pikachu.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	41	 Tad cryptically tells the gang that his Poliwrath is at a higher level than Pikachu was.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	73	 Charizard does nothing that Ash tells it and flies around trying to get Poliwrath with a Flamethrower and fails every time.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	39	 The match comes to an abrupt end when Poliwrath narrowly misses with its Water Gun on Charizard’s tail and instead unleashes a powerful Ice Beam.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	13	 Tad recalls Poliwrath but promises Ash a rematch once he learns how to handle Charizard.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	125	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	34	 Back on the beach, Tad sends out Poliwrath while Ash uses Charizard and the battle begins.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	1	 Poliwrath starts with a Water Gun but Charizard is able to dodge after finally obeying an order from Ash.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	104	 It flies around for a few seconds before unleashing an Ember; it sends multiple streams of fire toward Poliwrath.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	9	 However Poliwrath counters with another Water Gun by spinning on the spot dousing the flames.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	55	 Seeing an opportunity Charizard tries a Take Down but Poliwrath counters again by catching its leg before it hits.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	1	 Poliwrath then unleashes another Ice Beam but Charizard successfully evades by flying toward the sky.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	1	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	104	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	78	 Charizard carries it up to the sky and then does its dreaded Seismic Toss on Poliwrath, winning the match for Charizard and Ash.	
Poliwrath	pokemon	36	 Ash hugs Charizard and Tad recalls Poliwrath.	
Poké Ball	item	80	  Over the sunset the gang waves goodbye to Tad with Charizard still out of its Poké Ball.	
Water Gun	move	45	 Poliwrath quickly uses Hypnosis followed by Water Gun to defeat Pikachu.	
Water Gun	move	74	 The match comes to an abrupt end when Poliwrath narrowly misses with its Water Gun on Charizard’s tail and instead unleashes a powerful Ice Beam.	
Water Gun	move	25	 Poliwrath starts with a Water Gun but Charizard is able to dodge after finally obeying an order from Ash.	
Water Gun	move	41	 However Poliwrath counters with another Water Gun by spinning on the spot dousing the flames.	
Charizard	pokemon	86	 Ash, not very phased by Pikachu’s defeat, tries to match power with power and uses Charizard, much to the horror of Misty and Tracey.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard appears and looks ready to battle.	
Charizard	pokemon	33	 Ash comments that he can handle Charizard but Charizard in turn, like normal, Flamethrowers Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	47	 Ash comments that he can handle Charizard but Charizard in turn, like normal, Flamethrowers Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	115	 Tad notices this and asks Ash if he is sure about the choice, Ash says he is but it proves to be a big mistake as Charizard flies off on its own.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard does nothing that Ash tells it and flies around trying to get Poliwrath with a Flamethrower and fails every time.	
Charizard	pokemon	26	 Tad explains to Ash that Charizard may be powerful but he is unable to control it.	
Charizard	pokemon	87	 The match comes to an abrupt end when Poliwrath narrowly misses with its Water Gun on Charizard’s tail and instead unleashes a powerful Ice Beam.	
Charizard	pokemon	9	 It hits Charizard who is locked in a cage of ice all over, save for its tail.	
Charizard	pokemon	79	 Tad recalls Poliwrath but promises Ash a rematch once he learns how to handle Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	17	 Tad leaves with Charizard freezing and Ash seething from the defeat.	
Charizard	pokemon	46	 Later that night Ash is up trying to warm up Charizard from the ice cage, by rubbing Charizard’s hide until his hands are literally red and raw.	
Charizard	pokemon	86	 Later that night Ash is up trying to warm up Charizard from the ice cage, by rubbing Charizard’s hide until his hands are literally red and raw.	
Charizard	pokemon	34	 Ash tries hard to make sure that Charizard does not freeze and eventually it wakes up.	
Charizard	pokemon	9	 However Charizard panics when it notices its tail, and eventually gets knocked out once again.	
Charizard	pokemon	31	 Ash and Misty continue to rub Charizard’s back and neck while Tracey checks its temperature.	
Charizard	pokemon	67	 He does not care, however, and continues rubbing, wanting to help Charizard heat up.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard once again wakes up and tries a Flamethrower.	
Charizard	pokemon	18	 Ash tries to get Charizard to calm down, even going as far as to let Charizard use its Flamethrower on him when he's feeling better.	
Charizard	pokemon	70	 Ash tries to get Charizard to calm down, even going as far as to let Charizard use its Flamethrower on him when he's feeling better.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard finally surrenders and agrees to let Ash help it unhindered.	
Charizard	pokemon	14	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Charizard	pokemon	68	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Charizard	pokemon	126	 Ash admits he's not the best Trainer and makes a lot of mistakes but he's always trying to get better and hopes that one day Charizard and him will battle side by side.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard lies there listening to Ash's kind words and remembers how when it was a Charmander Ash saved its life when it was abandoned in a rainstorm by its Trainer.	
Charizard	pokemon	135	 It then remembers the good times it shared with Ash when it was still a Charmander and then how, despite evolving into Charmeleon and Charizard and growing increasingly disobedient Ash has still never given up on it.	
Charizard	pokemon	90	 Meanwhile Misty and Tracey have lit up a few more fires and they and Pikachu help to rub Charizard to make him better.	
Charizard	pokemon	16	 In the morning Charizard wakes up to find Ash sleeping on him from last night and moves away from him without waking him.	
Charizard	pokemon	52	 Ash and then gang awaken to a roar that comes from Charizard who shows Ash his tail flame which is just as strong as normal.	
Charizard	pokemon	35	 Just as Ash tries to pursue them, Charizard flies alongside Ash and gives him a lift on his back.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard uses its feet to grab the machine before it can go any further and pulls it back up the hill.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard attempts to burn the drill but Ash stops him to prevent him from burning Pikachu.	
Charizard	pokemon	9	 Instead Charizard crushes the drill with his foot and then bites the box containing Pikachu, destroying it.	
Charizard	pokemon	74	 They bring out some drill weaponry and attempt to slice Ash, Pikachu and Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	60	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Charizard	pokemon	71	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	59	 Back on the beach, Tad sends out Poliwrath while Ash uses Charizard and the battle begins.	
Charizard	pokemon	39	 Poliwrath starts with a Water Gun but Charizard is able to dodge after finally obeying an order from Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	23	 Seeing an opportunity Charizard tries a Take Down but Poliwrath counters again by catching its leg before it hits.	
Charizard	pokemon	47	 Poliwrath then unleashes another Ice Beam but Charizard successfully evades by flying toward the sky.	
Charizard	pokemon	37	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Charizard	pokemon	64	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard carries it up to the sky and then does its dreaded Seismic Toss on Poliwrath, winning the match for Charizard and Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	111	 Charizard carries it up to the sky and then does its dreaded Seismic Toss on Poliwrath, winning the match for Charizard and Ash.	
Charizard	pokemon	10	 Ash hugs Charizard and Tad recalls Poliwrath.	
Charizard	pokemon	53	  Over the sunset the gang waves goodbye to Tad with Charizard still out of its Poké Ball.	
Charizard	pokemon	94	 Ash jumps into the air claiming that nobody will be able to beat him but accidentally knocks Charizard off balance while it is scratching itself with its leg.	
Charizard	pokemon	16	 Getting angry, Charizard unleashes a Flamethrower at Ash, Misty and Tracey.	
Charizard	pokemon	46	 Misty and Tracey in turn tell him not to get Charizard angry, he says not to worry and that he could take the heat as the episode ends.	
Take Down	move	41	 Seeing an opportunity Charizard tries a Take Down but Poliwrath counters again by catching its leg before it hits.	
Hypnosis	move	24	 Poliwrath quickly uses Hypnosis followed by Water Gun to defeat Pikachu.	
Ice Beam	move	139	 The match comes to an abrupt end when Poliwrath narrowly misses with its Water Gun on Charizard’s tail and instead unleashes a powerful Ice Beam.	
Ice Beam	move	34	 Poliwrath then unleashes another Ice Beam but Charizard successfully evades by flying toward the sky.	
Trovita	building	49	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt, but Poliwrath immediately uses Double Team to avoid it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack to get rid of the illusory Poliwrath.	
Pikachu	pokemon	4	 As Pikachu gets rid of the last one he uses his tail to shock Poliwrath however despite this Poliwrath seems undamaged.	
Pikachu	pokemon	65	 Poliwrath quickly uses Hypnosis followed by Water Gun to defeat Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Tracey explains that Tad let Pikachu use his power up so that when Poliwrath used its own power, it can easily defeat Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	119	 Tracey explains that Tad let Pikachu use his power up so that when Poliwrath used its own power, it can easily defeat Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	77	 Tad cryptically tells the gang that his Poliwrath is at a higher level than Pikachu was.	
Pikachu	pokemon	25	 Ash, not very phased by Pikachu’s defeat, tries to match power with power and uses Charizard, much to the horror of Misty and Tracey.	
Pikachu	pokemon	111	 Team Rocket watches the match noting that they know how it feels but they are determined none the less to get Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 He is helped by Pikachu for a while.	
Pikachu	pokemon	70	 Meanwhile Misty and Tracey have lit up a few more fires and they and Pikachu help to rub Charizard to make him better.	
Pikachu	pokemon	74	 However, Team Rocket attacks by causing an explosion that lets them trap Pikachu inside a giant drill machine.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is trapped in a shock proof box making his attacks useless.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 They fly after Pikachu through the tunnel until they come to the other end near a beach.	
Pikachu	pokemon	84	 Charizard attempts to burn the drill but Ash stops him to prevent him from burning Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 Instead Charizard crushes the drill with his foot and then bites the box containing Pikachu, destroying it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is returned to Ash but Team Rocket is not done yet.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 They bring out some drill weaponry and attempt to slice Ash, Pikachu and Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Trainer	person	30	 Ash admits he's not the best Trainer and makes a lot of mistakes but he's always trying to get better and hopes that one day Charizard and him will battle side by side.	
Trainer	person	158	 Charizard lies there listening to Ash's kind words and remembers how when it was a Charmander Ash saved its life when it was abandoned in a rainstorm by its Trainer.	
Pokémon	pokemon	81	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Pokémon	pokemon	196	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 The gang is overjoyed to find that the rubbing worked on the Flame Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	48	 Tad, Misty and Tracey finally find Ash and his Pokémon.	
Lapras	pokemon	57	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Tracey riding on Lapras when they are almost run down by a boat owned by a boy named Tad.	
Tracey	person	40	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Tracey riding on Lapras when they are almost run down by a boat owned by a boy named Tad.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey are puzzled by this choice but Ash is none the less confident.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey explains that Tad let Pikachu use his power up so that when Poliwrath used its own power, it can easily defeat Pikachu.	
Tracey	person	129	 Ash, not very phased by Pikachu’s defeat, tries to match power with power and uses Charizard, much to the horror of Misty and Tracey.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey, meanwhile, are away for fire wood but come back soon enough and notice the disturbance.	
Tracey	person	65	 Ash and Misty continue to rub Charizard’s back and neck while Tracey checks its temperature.	
Tracey	person	27	 It is still very cold and Tracey gets some fire wood and Misty gets a blanket.	
Tracey	person	21	 Meanwhile Misty and Tracey have lit up a few more fires and they and Pikachu help to rub Charizard to make him better.	
Tracey	person	16	 Tad, Misty and Tracey finally find Ash and his Pokémon.	
Tracey	person	69	 Getting angry, Charizard unleashes a Flamethrower at Ash, Misty and Tracey.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey in turn tell him not to get Charizard angry, he says not to worry and that he could take the heat as the episode ends.	
Togepi	pokemon	60	 Misty angrily gets the boy to apologize for almost hitting Togepi.	
Ember	move	56	 It flies around for a few seconds before unleashing an Ember; it sends multiple streams of fire toward Poliwrath.	
Misty	person	29	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Tracey riding on Lapras when they are almost run down by a boat owned by a boy named Tad.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty angrily gets the boy to apologize for almost hitting Togepi.	
Misty	person	37	 Tad apologizes and proceeds to call Misty pretty.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that Ash does not have any skill.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, however, jokes about this by pretending not to see Ash while Tad describes him.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey are puzzled by this choice but Ash is none the less confident.	
Misty	person	119	 Ash, not very phased by Pikachu’s defeat, tries to match power with power and uses Charizard, much to the horror of Misty and Tracey.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey, meanwhile, are away for fire wood but come back soon enough and notice the disturbance.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty continue to rub Charizard’s back and neck while Tracey checks its temperature.	
Misty	person	58	 It is still very cold and Tracey gets some fire wood and Misty gets a blanket.	
Misty	person	11	 Meanwhile Misty and Tracey have lit up a few more fires and they and Pikachu help to rub Charizard to make him better.	
Misty	person	6	 Tad, Misty and Tracey finally find Ash and his Pokémon.	
Misty	person	59	 Getting angry, Charizard unleashes a Flamethrower at Ash, Misty and Tracey.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey in turn tell him not to get Charizard angry, he says not to worry and that he could take the heat as the episode ends.	
Water	type	45	 Poliwrath quickly uses Hypnosis followed by Water Gun to defeat Pikachu.	
Water	type	74	 The match comes to an abrupt end when Poliwrath narrowly misses with its Water Gun on Charizard’s tail and instead unleashes a powerful Ice Beam.	
Water	type	25	 Poliwrath starts with a Water Gun but Charizard is able to dodge after finally obeying an order from Ash.	
Water	type	41	 However Poliwrath counters with another Water Gun by spinning on the spot dousing the flames.	
Badge	item	149	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Rudy	person	37	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Poké	item	80	  Over the sunset the gang waves goodbye to Tad with Charizard still out of its Poké Ball.	
Slam	move	29	 Poliwrath then tries a Body Slam on Charizard but it misses by Charizard doing a spinning maneuver and Poliwrath is knocked into the air.	
Rage	move	84	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Gym	building	57	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Ash	person	24	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Tracey riding on Lapras when they are almost run down by a boat owned by a boy named Tad.	
Ash	person	11	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Ash	person	125	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Ash	person	164	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Ash	person	21	 Misty comments that Ash does not have any skill.	
Ash	person	16	 Tad challenges Ash to a battle claiming that he likes to challenge people who know what they're doing.	
Ash	person	59	 Misty, however, jokes about this by pretending not to see Ash while Tad describes him.	
Ash	person	9	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Ash	person	37	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Ash	person	49	 Misty and Tracey are puzzled by this choice but Ash is none the less confident.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, not very phased by Pikachu’s defeat, tries to match power with power and uses Charizard, much to the horror of Misty and Tracey.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash comments that he can handle Charizard but Charizard in turn, like normal, Flamethrowers Ash.	
Ash	person	93	 Ash comments that he can handle Charizard but Charizard in turn, like normal, Flamethrowers Ash.	
Ash	person	27	 Tad notices this and asks Ash if he is sure about the choice, Ash says he is but it proves to be a big mistake as Charizard flies off on its own.	
Ash	person	63	 Tad notices this and asks Ash if he is sure about the choice, Ash says he is but it proves to be a big mistake as Charizard flies off on its own.	
Ash	person	29	 Charizard does nothing that Ash tells it and flies around trying to get Poliwrath with a Flamethrower and fails every time.	
Ash	person	17	 Tad explains to Ash that Charizard may be powerful but he is unable to control it.	
Ash	person	36	 Tad recalls Poliwrath but promises Ash a rematch once he learns how to handle Charizard.	
Ash	person	40	 Tad leaves with Charizard freezing and Ash seething from the defeat.	
Ash	person	18	 Later that night Ash is up trying to warm up Charizard from the ice cage, by rubbing Charizard’s hide until his hands are literally red and raw.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries hard to make sure that Charizard does not freeze and eventually it wakes up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty continue to rub Charizard’s back and neck while Tracey checks its temperature.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash notices that his hands are raw.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to get Charizard to calm down, even going as far as to let Charizard use its Flamethrower on him when he's feeling better.	
Ash	person	48	 Charizard finally surrenders and agrees to let Ash help it unhindered.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Ash	person	56	 Ash talks to Charizard while rubbing, reminiscing that Ash has had Charizard since he was a Charmander and then when it evolved into Charmeleon.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash admits he's not the best Trainer and makes a lot of mistakes but he's always trying to get better and hopes that one day Charizard and him will battle side by side.	
Ash	person	35	 Charizard lies there listening to Ash's kind words and remembers how when it was a Charmander Ash saved its life when it was abandoned in a rainstorm by its Trainer.	
Ash	person	95	 Charizard lies there listening to Ash's kind words and remembers how when it was a Charmander Ash saved its life when it was abandoned in a rainstorm by its Trainer.	
Ash	person	49	 It then remembers the good times it shared with Ash when it was still a Charmander and then how, despite evolving into Charmeleon and Charizard and growing increasingly disobedient Ash has still never given up on it.	
Ash	person	182	 It then remembers the good times it shared with Ash when it was still a Charmander and then how, despite evolving into Charmeleon and Charizard and growing increasingly disobedient Ash has still never given up on it.	
Ash	person	43	 In the morning Charizard wakes up to find Ash sleeping on him from last night and moves away from him without waking him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and then gang awaken to a roar that comes from Charizard who shows Ash his tail flame which is just as strong as normal.	
Ash	person	72	 Ash and then gang awaken to a roar that comes from Charizard who shows Ash his tail flame which is just as strong as normal.	
Ash	person	9	 Just as Ash tries to pursue them, Charizard flies alongside Ash and gives him a lift on his back.	
Ash	person	61	 Just as Ash tries to pursue them, Charizard flies alongside Ash and gives him a lift on his back.	
Ash	person	42	 Charizard attempts to burn the drill but Ash stops him to prevent him from burning Pikachu.	
Ash	person	24	 Pikachu is returned to Ash but Team Rocket is not done yet.	
Ash	person	57	 They bring out some drill weaponry and attempt to slice Ash, Pikachu and Charizard.	
Ash	person	13	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Ash	person	45	 Pikachu and Ash are knocked out, and seeing Ash in danger, Charizard learns Dragon Rage.	
Ash	person	36	 Tad, Misty and Tracey finally find Ash and his Pokémon.	
Ash	person	11	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Ash	person	86	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Ash	person	50	 Back on the beach, Tad sends out Poliwrath while Ash uses Charizard and the battle begins.	
Ash	person	102	 Poliwrath starts with a Water Gun but Charizard is able to dodge after finally obeying an order from Ash.	
Ash	person	125	 Charizard carries it up to the sky and then does its dreaded Seismic Toss on Poliwrath, winning the match for Charizard and Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash hugs Charizard and Tad recalls Poliwrath.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash jumps into the air claiming that nobody will be able to beat him but accidentally knocks Charizard off balance while it is scratching itself with its leg.	
Ash	person	54	 Getting angry, Charizard unleashes a Flamethrower at Ash, Misty and Tracey.	
Tad	person	125	The episode begins with Ash, Misty, and Tracey riding on Lapras when they are almost run down by a boat owned by a boy named Tad.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad apologizes and proceeds to call Misty pretty.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad knows Ash from his victory over Rudy of the Trovita Gym.	
Tad	person	4	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Tad	person	37	 On Tad’s boat the gang is told by Tad that he is also trying to get into the "Pokémon League" and that he had been after Ash had battled for his Badge and that Ash had used pure power to win.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad challenges Ash to a battle claiming that he likes to challenge people who know what they're doing.	
Tad	person	69	 Misty, however, jokes about this by pretending not to see Ash while Tad describes him.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Tad	person	62	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Tad	person	143	 Tad and Ash begin their battle with Ash choosing Pikachu and Tad choosing Poliwrath, this Poliwrath is wearing a golden belt that it won from Tad’s local town for being the “most powerful” Pokémon there.	
Tad	person	22	 Tracey explains that Tad let Pikachu use his power up so that when Poliwrath used its own power, it can easily defeat Pikachu.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad cryptically tells the gang that his Poliwrath is at a higher level than Pikachu was.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad notices this and asks Ash if he is sure about the choice, Ash says he is but it proves to be a big mistake as Charizard flies off on its own.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad explains to Ash that Charizard may be powerful but he is unable to control it.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad recalls Poliwrath but promises Ash a rematch once he learns how to handle Charizard.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad leaves with Charizard freezing and Ash seething from the defeat.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad also notices this and rushes to where the explosion came from.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad rejoins the group just as Team Rocket says their motto.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad, Misty and Tracey finally find Ash and his Pokémon.	
Tad	person	1	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Tad	person	120	 Tad tells Ash that he promised him a rematch if he learned to control Charizard, and Ash agrees to another battle with Tad, Poliwrath vs.	
Tad	person	20	 Back on the beach, Tad sends out Poliwrath while Ash uses Charizard and the battle begins.	
Tad	person	24	 Ash hugs Charizard and Tad recalls Poliwrath.	
Tad	person	44	  Over the sunset the gang waves goodbye to Tad with Charizard still out of its Poké Ball.	
