Ascorbia Island	region	37	Arriving at the next port located in Ascorbia Island, Ash and his friends are eager to get something to eat.	
Squirtle Squad	group	63	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Team Wartortle	person	92	 Team Blastoise is used for large-scale fires, Team Squirtle for tight-space rescues, while Team Wartortle is used in more general-purpose scenarios.	
Team Wartortle	person	46	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.	
Team Wartortle	person	58	Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Team Wartortle	person	23	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Team Wartortle	person	13	Squirtle and Team Wartortle flood Team Rocket's cabin, and, while still trapped in their nets, manage to bunny-hop over each other to slowly inch their way out of the cabin.	
Team Wartortle	person	104	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Team Wartortle	person	23	 However, Squirtle and Team Wartortle arrive in time but just as Team Blastoise also clear the overturned truck.	
Team Wartortle	person	117	In the end, Ash and Captain Aidan part ways, but not without a final salute to the fine firefighters in Squirtle and Team Wartortle.	
Captain Aidan	person	36	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Captain Aidan	person	10	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.	
Captain Aidan	person	90	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.	
Captain Aidan	person	53	 However, one stray target leads the team apart from Captain Aidan, and soon the team finds themselves falling into a Team Rocket pitfall trap.	
Captain Aidan	person	107	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Captain Aidan	person	23	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Captain Aidan	person	20	In the end, Ash and Captain Aidan part ways, but not without a final salute to the fine firefighters in Squirtle and Team Wartortle.	
Team Rocket	group	118	 However, one stray target leads the team apart from Captain Aidan, and soon the team finds themselves falling into a Team Rocket pitfall trap.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Team Rocket	group	11	 Back with Team Rocket, infighting amongst themselves over the matter of whether someone should take a Wartortle for themselves and give the rest to the boss gives Squirtle and the head Wartortle the opportunity to plan their escape.	
Team Rocket	group	34	Squirtle and Team Wartortle flood Team Rocket's cabin, and, while still trapped in their nets, manage to bunny-hop over each other to slowly inch their way out of the cabin.	
Team Rocket	group	122	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Team Rocket	group	192	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Thunderbolt	move	171	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Wartortle	pokemon	62	 Just when some debris begins to fall on the group, a team of Wartortle appear to save them, and proceed to douse the flames.	
Wartortle	pokemon	125	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Wartortle	pokemon	97	 Team Blastoise is used for large-scale fires, Team Squirtle for tight-space rescues, while Team Wartortle is used in more general-purpose scenarios.	
Wartortle	pokemon	51	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.	
Wartortle	pokemon	63	Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Wartortle	pokemon	38	 In a shooting exercise, Squirtle and Wartortle were able to shoot down moving targets with equal precision.	
Wartortle	pokemon	28	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Wartortle	pokemon	103	 Back with Team Rocket, infighting amongst themselves over the matter of whether someone should take a Wartortle for themselves and give the rest to the boss gives Squirtle and the head Wartortle the opportunity to plan their escape.	
Wartortle	pokemon	186	 Back with Team Rocket, infighting amongst themselves over the matter of whether someone should take a Wartortle for themselves and give the rest to the boss gives Squirtle and the head Wartortle the opportunity to plan their escape.	
Wartortle	pokemon	18	Squirtle and Team Wartortle flood Team Rocket's cabin, and, while still trapped in their nets, manage to bunny-hop over each other to slowly inch their way out of the cabin.	
Wartortle	pokemon	109	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Wartortle	pokemon	28	 However, Squirtle and Team Wartortle arrive in time but just as Team Blastoise also clear the overturned truck.	
Wartortle	pokemon	23	 Squirtle and the head Wartortle (with help from a Blastoise) manage to save the child, and each other; Wartortle from a crumbling floor and Squirtle from a falling door, while the fire is slowly brought to control.	
Wartortle	pokemon	104	 Squirtle and the head Wartortle (with help from a Blastoise) manage to save the child, and each other; Wartortle from a crumbling floor and Squirtle from a falling door, while the fire is slowly brought to control.	
Wartortle	pokemon	122	In the end, Ash and Captain Aidan part ways, but not without a final salute to the fine firefighters in Squirtle and Team Wartortle.	
Blastoise	pokemon	140	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	6	 Team Blastoise is used for large-scale fires, Team Squirtle for tight-space rescues, while Team Wartortle is used in more general-purpose scenarios.	
Blastoise	pokemon	130	However, their timing turned out to be rather poor, as an apartment fire has broken out, and an overturned truck has delayed Team Blastoise.	
Blastoise	pokemon	70	 However, Squirtle and Team Wartortle arrive in time but just as Team Blastoise also clear the overturned truck.	
Blastoise	pokemon	51	 Squirtle and the head Wartortle (with help from a Blastoise) manage to save the child, and each other; Wartortle from a crumbling floor and Squirtle from a falling door, while the fire is slowly brought to control.	
Ascorbia	region	37	Arriving at the next port located in Ascorbia Island, Ash and his friends are eager to get something to eat.	
Squirtle	pokemon	24	 Ash and Misty send out Squirtle and Staryu to douse the flames, but their efforts are in vain, as the fire begins to spread.	
Squirtle	pokemon	8	 Still, Squirtle is none too pleased.	
Squirtle	pokemon	115	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Squirtle	pokemon	52	 Team Blastoise is used for large-scale fires, Team Squirtle for tight-space rescues, while Team Wartortle is used in more general-purpose scenarios.	
Squirtle	pokemon	32	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Squirtle	pokemon	63	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Squirtle	pokemon	95	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Squirtle	pokemon	209	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Squirtle	pokemon	32	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Squirtle	pokemon	124	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Squirtle	pokemon	279	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Squirtle	pokemon	25	 In a shooting exercise, Squirtle and Wartortle were able to shoot down moving targets with equal precision.	
Squirtle	pokemon	32	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Squirtle	pokemon	6	 Team Squirtle is on the scene, but is easily overwhelmed.	
Squirtle	pokemon	164	 Back with Team Rocket, infighting amongst themselves over the matter of whether someone should take a Wartortle for themselves and give the rest to the boss gives Squirtle and the head Wartortle the opportunity to plan their escape.Squirtle and Team Wartortle flood Team Rocket's cabin, and, while still trapped in their nets, manage to bunny-hop over each other to slowly inch their way out of the cabin.	
Squirtle	pokemon	233	 Back with Team Rocket, infighting amongst themselves over the matter of whether someone should take a Wartortle for themselves and give the rest to the boss gives Squirtle and the head Wartortle the opportunity to plan their escape.Squirtle and Team Wartortle flood Team Rocket's cabin, and, while still trapped in their nets, manage to bunny-hop over each other to slowly inch their way out of the cabin.	
Squirtle	pokemon	91	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Squirtle	pokemon	108	At the fire, even Misty is to her limit because Scyther has worn itself out, while Staryu, Marill, and Team Squirtle are unable to contain the fire.	
Squirtle	pokemon	10	 However, Squirtle and Team Wartortle arrive in time but just as Team Blastoise also clear the overturned truck.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle and the head Wartortle (with help from a Blastoise) manage to save the child, and each other; Wartortle from a crumbling floor and Squirtle from a falling door, while the fire is slowly brought to control.	
Squirtle	pokemon	141	 Squirtle and the head Wartortle (with help from a Blastoise) manage to save the child, and each other; Wartortle from a crumbling floor and Squirtle from a falling door, while the fire is slowly brought to control.	
Squirtle	pokemon	104	In the end, Ash and Captain Aidan part ways, but not without a final salute to the fine firefighters in Squirtle and Team Wartortle.	
Scyther	pokemon	134	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Scyther	pokemon	48	At the fire, even Misty is to her limit because Scyther has worn itself out, while Staryu, Marill, and Team Squirtle are unable to contain the fire.	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	163	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Venonat	pokemon	149	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Weezing	pokemon	73	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Trainer	person	27	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Pokémon	pokemon	245	Squirtle proves to be every bit as capable as the head of Team Wartortle: in a running exercise, the two were able to outpace the rest of the team, though Squirtle had tripped over a pebble and rolled its way to the finish (setting a new turtle Pokémon speed record in the process).	
Pokémon	pokemon	193	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Marill	pokemon	123	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Marill	pokemon	91	At the fire, even Misty is to her limit because Scyther has worn itself out, while Staryu, Marill, and Team Squirtle are unable to contain the fire.	
Meowth	pokemon	24	 Now outside, they lure Meowth into having him scratch them free from their net (withdrawing into their shells to avoid getting hurt).	
Tracey	person	25	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Tracey	person	85	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Staryu	pokemon	37	 Ash and Misty send out Squirtle and Staryu to douse the flames, but their efforts are in vain, as the fire begins to spread.	
Staryu	pokemon	52	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Staryu	pokemon	83	At the fire, even Misty is to her limit because Scyther has worn itself out, while Staryu, Marill, and Team Squirtle are unable to contain the fire.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty send out Squirtle and Staryu to douse the flames, but their efforts are in vain, as the fire begins to spread.	
Misty	person	39	 At a loss and without Team Wartortle, Misty offers Staryu as a stopgap measure, and Tracey is also ready to pitch in with Marill and Scyther, while Venonat continues to search for the missing Pokémon.	
Misty	person	18	At the fire, even Misty is to her limit because Scyther has worn itself out, while Staryu, Marill, and Team Squirtle are unable to contain the fire.	
Water	type	146	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Ash	person	54	Arriving at the next port located in Ascorbia Island, Ash and his friends are eager to get something to eat.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty send out Squirtle and Staryu to douse the flames, but their efforts are in vain, as the fire begins to spread.	
Ash	person	62	Later that day, the team's Trainer, Captain Aidan, introduces Ash and his friends to his firefighting force: Teams Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash (after recalling to Tracey Squirtle's past as part of the Squirtle Squad) quickly notices Squirtle's attention to the proceedings, and quickly realizes that its firefighting confidence had been shot when Squirtle itself had to be rescued.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash begs Captain Aidan to have Squirtle join Team Wartortle for a day of training, which Captain Aidan reluctantly accepts.	
Ash	person	99	 Team Rocket takes the captured Squirtle, as well as Pikachu away, using Weezing as a cover, while Ash and Captain Aidan are forced to chase them.	
Ash	person	15	 As if on cue, Ash and Captain Aidan arrive on the scene, and a last-ditch effort to claim Squirtle and Team Wartortle by Team Rocket is met with Water Guns and a Pikachu Thunderbolt, sending Team Rocket flying.	
Ash	person	12	In the end, Ash and Captain Aidan part ways, but not without a final salute to the fine firefighters in Squirtle and Team Wartortle.	
