Pokémon Center	building	95	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Pokémon Center	building	45	 However, when they make the last leg to the Pokémon Center, they find a large crowd there, angry due to the fact that their food shipment (which, as they are lacking an airport and due to the stormy sea weather) is being delayed.	
Butwal Island	region	98	 However, when they try to dig up some edible flowers, they come across a Trainer named Gulzar on Butwal Island, who is none too pleased, as the flowers were part of a headband on his head.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 As the airdrop arrives, however, it is plucked from the air by Team Rocket.Team Rocket quickly ransoms the food shipment for Pikachu, and Ash steadily refuses to hand over.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Team Rocket	group	40	 Taking this as a concession of defeat, Team Rocket demands Pikachu, but before anything can be done, Snorlax reappears, having woken up during the ordeal.	
Team Rocket	group	179	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	23	 Snorlax finally sends Team Rocket flying with a Hyper Beam, and gorges on the food shipment itself.	
Thunderbolt	move	61	 Ash reluctantly accepts, but quickly gets into trouble as a Thunderbolt is easily absorbed by Meowth's armor.	
Fury Swipes	move	47	 Furthermore, Meowth's armor has a mechanized "Fury Swipes" attack that easily crushes rocks, and Ash claims that his original terms were unfair.	
Fury Swipes	move	81	 Meowth turns his attention towards Snorlax, who is able to evade the mechanical Fury Swipes.	
Skull Bash	move	125	 In the process, one of Meowth's mechanic claws get stuck within a rock and was detached, leading Meowth to use a mechanical Skull Bash (consisting of ejecting the suit's headpiece), which does not even faze Snorlax by a bit.	
Hyper Beam	move	49	 Snorlax finally sends Team Rocket flying with a Hyper Beam, and gorges on the food shipment itself.	
Body Slam	move	40	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Nurse Joy	person	1	 Nurse Joy manages to calm the crowd, telling them that the delayed shipment will arrive by airdrop.	
Poké Ball	item	34	 Furthermore, Ash drops Snorlax's Poké Ball onto a rock, damaging it.	
Poké Ball	item	84	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Poké Ball	item	136	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Poké Ball	item	23	Later, after Snorlax's Poké Ball has been repaired, the stormy waters calm down, allowing Ash and company to leave the island for their next adventure.	
Water Gun	move	44	 Sticking with Squirtle, Ash decides to use Water Gun, but it only manages to refresh Gloom.	
Charizard	pokemon	80	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Charizard	pokemon	54	 Returning Squirtle, Ash tries once again to send out Charizard, but Snorlax is sent out instead.	
Charizard	pokemon	25	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Squirtle	pokemon	95	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Squirtle	pokemon	15	 Sticking with Squirtle, Ash decides to use Water Gun, but it only manages to refresh Gloom.	
Squirtle	pokemon	11	 Returning Squirtle, Ash tries once again to send out Charizard, but Snorlax is sent out instead.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	Team Rocket quickly ransoms the food shipment for Pikachu, and Ash steadily refuses to hand over.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Pikachu	pokemon	83	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Pikachu	pokemon	60	 Taking this as a concession of defeat, Team Rocket demands Pikachu, but before anything can be done, Snorlax reappears, having woken up during the ordeal.	
Trainer	person	74	 However, when they try to dig up some edible flowers, they come across a Trainer named Gulzar on Butwal Island, who is none too pleased, as the flowers were part of a headband on his head.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 Food is getting scarce for our heroes, but Tracey at least concedes that their Pokémon will at least be well-fed, as much of the local plantlife is considered safe for Pokémon consumption.	
Pokémon	pokemon	170	 Food is getting scarce for our heroes, but Tracey at least concedes that their Pokémon will at least be well-fed, as much of the local plantlife is considered safe for Pokémon consumption.	
Pokémon	pokemon	95	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Pokémon	pokemon	45	 However, when they make the last leg to the Pokémon Center, they find a large crowd there, angry due to the fact that their food shipment (which, as they are lacking an airport and due to the stormy sea weather) is being delayed.	
Snorlax	pokemon	69	 Returning Squirtle, Ash tries once again to send out Charizard, but Snorlax is sent out instead.	
Snorlax	pokemon	24	 Furthermore, Ash drops Snorlax's Poké Ball onto a rock, damaging it.	
Snorlax	pokemon	6	 When Snorlax comes out, though, it is asleep, and Ash's efforts into waking it up is of no effect.	
Snorlax	pokemon	73	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Snorlax	pokemon	91	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Snorlax	pokemon	58	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Snorlax	pokemon	74	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Snorlax	pokemon	20	After trying to tow Snorlax on rollers, Tracey hatches a plan to lure Snorlax into following them using an apple.	
Snorlax	pokemon	70	After trying to tow Snorlax on rollers, Tracey hatches a plan to lure Snorlax into following them using an apple.	
Snorlax	pokemon	24	 Unfortunately for him, Snorlax manages to eat the apple before they can go anywhere.	
Snorlax	pokemon	99	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	166	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Snorlax	pokemon	85	 Though Ash objects to the idea (though he did originally volunteer as it is his own Snorlax), he does manage to lure Snorlax all the way uphill.	
Snorlax	pokemon	118	 Though Ash objects to the idea (though he did originally volunteer as it is his own Snorlax), he does manage to lure Snorlax all the way uphill.	
Snorlax	pokemon	102	 Taking this as a concession of defeat, Team Rocket demands Pikachu, but before anything can be done, Snorlax reappears, having woken up during the ordeal.	
Snorlax	pokemon	36	 Meowth turns his attention towards Snorlax, who is able to evade the mechanical Fury Swipes.	
Snorlax	pokemon	208	 In the process, one of Meowth's mechanic claws get stuck within a rock and was detached, leading Meowth to use a mechanical Skull Bash (consisting of ejecting the suit's headpiece), which does not even faze Snorlax by a bit.	
Snorlax	pokemon	94	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Snorlax	pokemon	132	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Snorlax	pokemon	1	 Snorlax finally sends Team Rocket flying with a Hyper Beam, and gorges on the food shipment itself.	
Snorlax	pokemon	13	Later, after Snorlax's Poké Ball has been repaired, the stormy waters calm down, allowing Ash and company to leave the island for their next adventure.	
Gulzar	person	88	 However, when they try to dig up some edible flowers, they come across a Trainer named Gulzar on Butwal Island, who is none too pleased, as the flowers were part of a headband on his head.	
Gulzar	person	50	 A series of faux pas made by Ash and Tracey lead Gulzar into challenging Ash to a match.Gulzar begins by sending out a Gloom.	
Gulzar	person	89	 A series of faux pas made by Ash and Tracey lead Gulzar into challenging Ash to a match.Gulzar begins by sending out a Gloom.	
Gulzar	person	1	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Gulzar	person	157	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Gulzar	person	1	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Gulzar	person	12	 Just then, Gulzar shows up again, and points out that they are in shallow water, where they can easily stand up.	
Gulzar	person	63	 Though the crowd gets angry, Ash is adamant, and surprisingly Gulzar jumps to Ash's defense.	
Flying	type	40	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Meowth	pokemon	99	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Meowth	pokemon	95	 Ash reluctantly accepts, but quickly gets into trouble as a Thunderbolt is easily absorbed by Meowth's armor.	
Meowth	pokemon	14	 Furthermore, Meowth's armor has a mechanized "Fury Swipes" attack that easily crushes rocks, and Ash claims that his original terms were unfair.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth turns his attention towards Snorlax, who is able to evade the mechanical Fury Swipes.	
Meowth	pokemon	24	 In the process, one of Meowth's mechanic claws get stuck within a rock and was detached, leading Meowth to use a mechanical Skull Bash (consisting of ejecting the suit's headpiece), which does not even faze Snorlax by a bit.	
Meowth	pokemon	98	 In the process, one of Meowth's mechanic claws get stuck within a rock and was detached, leading Meowth to use a mechanical Skull Bash (consisting of ejecting the suit's headpiece), which does not even faze Snorlax by a bit.	
Meowth	pokemon	60	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Meowth	pokemon	158	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Tracey	person	44	 Food is getting scarce for our heroes, but Tracey at least concedes that their Pokémon will at least be well-fed, as much of the local plantlife is considered safe for Pokémon consumption.	
Tracey	person	38	 A series of faux pas made by Ash and Tracey lead Gulzar into challenging Ash to a match.	
Tracey	person	40	After trying to tow Snorlax on rollers, Tracey hatches a plan to lure Snorlax into following them using an apple.	
Butwal	region	98	 However, when they try to dig up some edible flowers, they come across a Trainer named Gulzar on Butwal Island, who is none too pleased, as the flowers were part of a headband on his head.	
Gloom	pokemon	31	Gulzar begins by sending out a Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	14	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Gloom	pokemon	86	 Sticking with Squirtle, Ash decides to use Water Gun, but it only manages to refresh Gloom.	
Gloom	pokemon	60	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Gloom	pokemon	117	 Gulzar, desperate to get the battle started, tries to have Gloom attack Snorlax, only for Snorlax to wake up, crush Gloom and attempt to eat the flowers of Gulzar's head.	
Misty	person	43	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Water	type	44	 Sticking with Squirtle, Ash decides to use Water Gun, but it only manages to refresh Gloom.	
Fire	type	31	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Poké	item	34	 Furthermore, Ash drops Snorlax's Poké Ball onto a rock, damaging it.	
Poké	item	84	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Poké	item	136	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Poké	item	23	Later, after Snorlax's Poké Ball has been repaired, the stormy waters calm down, allowing Ash and company to leave the island for their next adventure.	
Slam	move	45	 A final desperation move, a mechanical Body Slam that sees Meowth ejected from his suit into Snorlax is also met with failure, and Snorlax is able to bounce Meowth off back into Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	64	A week has passed since the events of the previous episode, and Ash and his friends have been unable to get off the island due to the fierce current.	
Ash	person	30	 A series of faux pas made by Ash and Tracey lead Gulzar into challenging Ash to a match.	
Ash	person	74	 A series of faux pas made by Ash and Tracey lead Gulzar into challenging Ash to a match.	
Ash	person	56	 Knowing that Gloom is weak to Fire and Flying attacks, Ash intends to send out Charizard, but Squirtle is sent out instead.	
Ash	person	25	 Sticking with Squirtle, Ash decides to use Water Gun, but it only manages to refresh Gloom.	
Ash	person	21	 Returning Squirtle, Ash tries once again to send out Charizard, but Snorlax is sent out instead.	
Ash	person	14	 Furthermore, Ash drops Snorlax's Poké Ball onto a rock, damaging it.	
Ash	person	51	 When Snorlax comes out, though, it is asleep, and Ash's efforts into waking it up is of no effect.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, trying to send out Charizard again, tries to return Snorlax, but as Snorlax's Poké Ball is damaged, it cannot return.	
Ash	person	51	 Gulzar, fearful for his life, runs off and taunts Ash and company, by saying that the nearest Pokémon Center, where they can have the Poké Ball repaired, is over a mountain.	
Ash	person	82	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Ash	person	129	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Ash	person	144	 However, it does give the inspiration for Misty for another plan - by disguising Ash as an apple, Snorlax will be able to chase Ash as long as Ash can keep ahead of Snorlax.	
Ash	person	8	 Though Ash objects to the idea (though he did originally volunteer as it is his own Snorlax), he does manage to lure Snorlax all the way uphill.	
Ash	person	63	Team Rocket quickly ransoms the food shipment for Pikachu, and Ash steadily refuses to hand over.	
Ash	person	30	 Though the crowd gets angry, Ash is adamant, and surprisingly Gulzar jumps to Ash's defense.	
Ash	person	79	 Though the crowd gets angry, Ash is adamant, and surprisingly Gulzar jumps to Ash's defense.	
Ash	person	13	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Ash	person	72	 Seeing that Ash will not simply give Pikachu, Team Rocket propositions Ash put up Pikachu against Meowth, who has been put in a super armor.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash reluctantly accepts, but quickly gets into trouble as a Thunderbolt is easily absorbed by Meowth's armor.	
Ash	person	98	 Furthermore, Meowth's armor has a mechanized "Fury Swipes" attack that easily crushes rocks, and Ash claims that his original terms were unfair.	
Ash	person	91	Later, after Snorlax's Poké Ball has been repaired, the stormy waters calm down, allowing Ash and company to leave the island for their next adventure.	
