Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader	person	140	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Supreme Gym Leader	person	152	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Jade Star Badge	item	23	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Winner's Trophy	item	179	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Kumquat Island	region	52	The episode begins as Ash and his friends arrive at Kumquat Island, a resort island where Ash will compete in his fourth and final Orange Crew battle.	
Kumquat Island	region	9	 Leaving Kumquat Island, Luana tells Ash that if should he encounter Travis, he should deliver some greetings from home for him.	
Double Battle	item	114	 Ash and his friends are invited to stay in her hotel's most exquisite suite free of charge, and they agree on a "Double Battle", to be held the next day, for the final Orange League Badge—in the match, both leader and challenger will use two Pokémon simultaneously.	
Orange League	region	169	 Ash and his friends are invited to stay in her hotel's most exquisite suite free of charge, and they agree on a "Double Battle", to be held the next day, for the final Orange League Badge—in the match, both leader and challenger will use two Pokémon simultaneously.	
Orange League	region	114	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Poison Sting	move	38	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
ThunderShock	move	121	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Flamethrower	move	86	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Flamethrower	move	39	 Even as the match begins, Charizard's Flamethrower manages to hit Pikachu while Pikachu was rushing towards the opponents.	
Team Rocket	group	66	 After clearing the confusion, though, the beach is attacked by a Team Rocket Rhydon robot, driven by Arbok and Lickitung and weaponized by Weezing.	
Team Rocket	group	35	 Ash then decides to put a stop to Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	46	 This allows Ash to send out Charizard amidst Team Rocket confusion, who uses Take Down to deal a blow to the robot.	
Team Rocket	group	179	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Orange Crew	region	131	The episode begins as Ash and his friends arrive at Kumquat Island, a resort island where Ash will compete in his fourth and final Orange Crew battle.	
Orange Crew	region	88	In the middle of the ordeal, the woman is revealed to be Luana, the final member of the Orange Crew, and a local hotelier whose hotel includes a workout Gym and an indoor Pokémon stadium.	
Orange Crew	region	140	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Thunderbolt	move	115	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Bonemerang	move	63	 This gives Marowak and Alakazam an opening to land successive Bonemerang and Psychic attacks on Charizard.	
Bonemerang	move	169	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Bonemerang	move	78	 When Charizard pulls up at the last minute, Alakazam is hit with the wayward Bonemerang attack, sending it and the charged Hyper Beam backwards.	
Hyper Beam	move	29	 Jessie tells Weezing to use Hyper Beam, but it instead uses Smog.	
Hyper Beam	move	65	 It becomes clear that James had never gotten around to teaching Hyper Beam to Weezing.	
Hyper Beam	move	77	 Meanwhile, Charizard continues to fly towards Alakazam, who was preparing a Hyper Beam to land point-blank on Charizard.	
Hyper Beam	move	124	 When Charizard pulls up at the last minute, Alakazam is hit with the wayward Bonemerang attack, sending it and the charged Hyper Beam backwards.	
Hyper Beam	move	5	 The Hyper Beam tears across the battlefield and into Marowak, knocking both of Luana's Pokémon out, and giving Ash the victory.	
Gym Leader	person	160	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Body Slam	move	64	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Lickitung	pokemon	112	 After clearing the confusion, though, the beach is attacked by a Team Rocket Rhydon robot, driven by Arbok and Lickitung and weaponized by Weezing.	
Charizard	pokemon	29	 This allows Ash to send out Charizard amidst Team Rocket confusion, who uses Take Down to deal a blow to the robot.	
Charizard	pokemon	71	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Charizard	pokemon	97	 The next day, the battle begins with Luana sending out Alakazam and Marowak against Pikachu and Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	52	 However, even before the match begins, Pikachu and Charizard are at each other; an innocuous stomp by Charizard had knocked Pikachu over, and the argument between the two escalated until the two were trading attacks, forcing Ash to break up the fight.	
Charizard	pokemon	103	 However, even before the match begins, Pikachu and Charizard are at each other; an innocuous stomp by Charizard had knocked Pikachu over, and the argument between the two escalated until the two were trading attacks, forcing Ash to break up the fight.	
Charizard	pokemon	27	 Even as the match begins, Charizard's Flamethrower manages to hit Pikachu while Pikachu was rushing towards the opponents.	
Charizard	pokemon	6	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	102	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	156	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	97	 This gives Marowak and Alakazam an opening to land successive Bonemerang and Psychic attacks on Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	5	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Charizard	pokemon	116	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Charizard	pokemon	145	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Charizard	pokemon	49	 Pikachu finally ThunderShocks Alakazam, freeing Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	12	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Charizard	pokemon	40	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Charizard	pokemon	12	 Meanwhile, Charizard continues to fly towards Alakazam, who was preparing a Hyper Beam to land point-blank on Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	111	 Meanwhile, Charizard continues to fly towards Alakazam, who was preparing a Hyper Beam to land point-blank on Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	6	 When Charizard pulls up at the last minute, Alakazam is hit with the wayward Bonemerang attack, sending it and the charged Hyper Beam backwards.	
Take Down	move	78	 This allows Ash to send out Charizard amidst Team Rocket confusion, who uses Take Down to deal a blow to the robot.	
Alakazam	pokemon	115	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Alakazam	pokemon	67	 Ash is committed to have Pikachu battle, but Tracey surmises that Alakazam will battle.	
Alakazam	pokemon	108	 Lacking Ghost types or Bug types that could deal an effective blow, Ash ponders who else could stand up to Alakazam's power.	
Alakazam	pokemon	56	 The next day, the battle begins with Luana sending out Alakazam and Marowak against Pikachu and Charizard.	
Alakazam	pokemon	32	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Alakazam	pokemon	24	 This gives Marowak and Alakazam an opening to land successive Bonemerang and Psychic attacks on Charizard.	
Alakazam	pokemon	31	 Pikachu finally ThunderShocks Alakazam, freeing Charizard.	
Alakazam	pokemon	47	 Meanwhile, Charizard continues to fly towards Alakazam, who was preparing a Hyper Beam to land point-blank on Charizard.	
Alakazam	pokemon	45	 When Charizard pulls up at the last minute, Alakazam is hit with the wayward Bonemerang attack, sending it and the charged Hyper Beam backwards.	
Marowak	pokemon	69	 The next day, the battle begins with Luana sending out Alakazam and Marowak against Pikachu and Charizard.	
Marowak	pokemon	12	 This gives Marowak and Alakazam an opening to land successive Bonemerang and Psychic attacks on Charizard.	
Marowak	pokemon	79	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Marowak	pokemon	130	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Marowak	pokemon	26	 The attack does not faze Marowak, but it manages to knock off its concentration.	
Marowak	pokemon	54	 The Hyper Beam tears across the battlefield and into Marowak, knocking both of Luana's Pokémon out, and giving Ash the victory.	
Pikachu	pokemon	124	 They are interrupted by a lady, who mistakes Ash for her son, Travis, who had, like Ash, started a Pokémon journey with a Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 Ash is committed to have Pikachu battle, but Tracey surmises that Alakazam will battle.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 The next day, the battle begins with Luana sending out Alakazam and Marowak against Pikachu and Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	 However, even before the match begins, Pikachu and Charizard are at each other; an innocuous stomp by Charizard had knocked Pikachu over, and the argument between the two escalated until the two were trading attacks, forcing Ash to break up the fight.	
Pikachu	pokemon	125	 However, even before the match begins, Pikachu and Charizard are at each other; an innocuous stomp by Charizard had knocked Pikachu over, and the argument between the two escalated until the two were trading attacks, forcing Ash to break up the fight.	
Pikachu	pokemon	67	 Even as the match begins, Charizard's Flamethrower manages to hit Pikachu while Pikachu was rushing towards the opponents.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 Even as the match begins, Charizard's Flamethrower manages to hit Pikachu while Pikachu was rushing towards the opponents.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu finally ThunderShocks Alakazam, freeing Charizard.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Pikachu	pokemon	44	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Pikachu	pokemon	74	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Pikachu	pokemon	99	 With the two now willing to cooperate, Charizard takes to the skies with Pikachu in tow, allowing Pikachu to land Thunderbolt on Marowak, who had just launched another Bonemerang.	
Psychic	move	167	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Psychic	move	60	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Psychic	move	78	 This gives Marowak and Alakazam an opening to land successive Bonemerang and Psychic attacks on Charizard.	
Psychic	move	53	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Weezing	pokemon	140	 After clearing the confusion, though, the beach is attacked by a Team Rocket Rhydon robot, driven by Arbok and Lickitung and weaponized by Weezing.	
Weezing	pokemon	14	 Jessie tells Weezing to use Hyper Beam, but it instead uses Smog.	
Weezing	pokemon	79	 It becomes clear that James had never gotten around to teaching Hyper Beam to Weezing.	
Reflect	move	129	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Pokémon	pokemon	100	 They are interrupted by a lady, who mistakes Ash for her son, Travis, who had, like Ash, started a Pokémon journey with a Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	171	In the middle of the ordeal, the woman is revealed to be Luana, the final member of the Orange Crew, and a local hotelier whose hotel includes a workout Gym and an indoor Pokémon stadium.	
Pokémon	pokemon	245	 Ash and his friends are invited to stay in her hotel's most exquisite suite free of charge, and they agree on a "Double Battle", to be held the next day, for the final Orange League Badge—in the match, both leader and challenger will use two Pokémon simultaneously.	
Pokémon	pokemon	40	 However, the match ends when the first Pokémon is unable to battle, wherein the opposing team are declared the winners.	
Pokémon	pokemon	88	 The Hyper Beam tears across the battlefield and into Marowak, knocking both of Luana's Pokémon out, and giving Ash the victory.	
Rhydon	pokemon	78	 After clearing the confusion, though, the beach is attacked by a Team Rocket Rhydon robot, driven by Arbok and Lickitung and weaponized by Weezing.	
Rhydon	pokemon	198	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Rhydon	pokemon	57	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Rhydon	pokemon	115	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie tells Weezing to use Hyper Beam, but it instead uses Smog.	
Jessie	person	17	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Tackle	move	22	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey plan to enjoy their time while Ash battles.	
Tracey	person	41	While in the hotel's hot spring, Ash and Tracey discuss strategy.	
Tracey	person	46	 Ash is committed to have Pikachu battle, but Tracey surmises that Alakazam will battle.	
Travis	person	63	 They are interrupted by a lady, who mistakes Ash for her son, Travis, who had, like Ash, started a Pokémon journey with a Pikachu.	
Travis	person	69	 Leaving Kumquat Island, Luana tells Ash that if should he encounter Travis, he should deliver some greetings from home for him.	
Ghost	type	9	 Lacking Ghost types or Bug types that could deal an effective blow, Ash ponders who else could stand up to Alakazam's power.	
Luana	person	57	In the middle of the ordeal, the woman is revealed to be Luana, the final member of the Orange Crew, and a local hotelier whose hotel includes a workout Gym and an indoor Pokémon stadium.	
Luana	person	38	 The next day, the battle begins with Luana sending out Alakazam and Marowak against Pikachu and Charizard.	
Luana	person	80	 The Hyper Beam tears across the battlefield and into Marowak, knocking both of Luana's Pokémon out, and giving Ash the victory.	
Luana	person	56	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Luana	person	25	 Leaving Kumquat Island, Luana tells Ash that if should he encounter Travis, he should deliver some greetings from home for him.	
James	person	23	 It becomes clear that James had never gotten around to teaching Hyper Beam to Weezing.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey plan to enjoy their time while Ash battles.	
Badge	item	183	 Ash and his friends are invited to stay in her hotel's most exquisite suite free of charge, and they agree on a "Double Battle", to be held the next day, for the final Orange League Badge—in the match, both leader and challenger will use two Pokémon simultaneously.	
Badge	item	33	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Arbok	pokemon	102	 After clearing the confusion, though, the beach is attacked by a Team Rocket Rhydon robot, driven by Arbok and Lickitung and weaponized by Weezing.	
Arbok	pokemon	28	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Arbok	pokemon	6	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Acid	move	30	 When Arbok accidentally uses Acid to tear a hole in the Rhydon robot, Charizard uses Flamethrower to overload the Rhydon robot's machinery, causing the robot to explode and send Team Rocket flying.	
Slam	move	69	 In return, Charizard catches Pikachu after Pikachu is hit by a Body Slam from Marowak soon after.	
Smog	move	61	 Jessie tells Weezing to use Hyper Beam, but it instead uses Smog.	
Smog	move	232	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Bug	type	24	 Lacking Ghost types or Bug types that could deal an effective blow, Ash ponders who else could stand up to Alakazam's power.	
Gym	building	153	In the middle of the ordeal, the woman is revealed to be Luana, the final member of the Orange Crew, and a local hotelier whose hotel includes a workout Gym and an indoor Pokémon stadium.	
Gym	building	160	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Ash	person	22	The episode begins as Ash and his friends arrive at Kumquat Island, a resort island where Ash will compete in his fourth and final Orange Crew battle.	
Ash	person	90	The episode begins as Ash and his friends arrive at Kumquat Island, a resort island where Ash will compete in his fourth and final Orange Crew battle.	
Ash	person	49	 Misty and Tracey plan to enjoy their time while Ash battles.	
Ash	person	46	 They are interrupted by a lady, who mistakes Ash for her son, Travis, who had, like Ash, started a Pokémon journey with a Pikachu.	
Ash	person	85	 They are interrupted by a lady, who mistakes Ash for her son, Travis, who had, like Ash, started a Pokémon journey with a Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then decides to put a stop to Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	54	 In retaliation, Jessie has Arbok use Poison Sting on Ash and Pikachu, which is stopped thanks to the woman, whose Alakazam used Reflect to block the attack, and then Psychic to seal the mechanical Rhydon's mouth shut while another Smog attack is fired.	
Ash	person	13	 This allows Ash to send out Charizard amidst Team Rocket confusion, who uses Take Down to deal a blow to the robot.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and his friends are invited to stay in her hotel's most exquisite suite free of charge, and they agree on a "Double Battle", to be held the next day, for the final Orange League Badge—in the match, both leader and challenger will use two Pokémon simultaneously.	
Ash	person	33	While in the hotel's hot spring, Ash and Tracey discuss strategy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is committed to have Pikachu battle, but Tracey surmises that Alakazam will battle.	
Ash	person	69	 Lacking Ghost types or Bug types that could deal an effective blow, Ash ponders who else could stand up to Alakazam's power.	
Ash	person	226	 However, even before the match begins, Pikachu and Charizard are at each other; an innocuous stomp by Charizard had knocked Pikachu over, and the argument between the two escalated until the two were trading attacks, forcing Ash to break up the fight.	
Ash	person	79	 When Charizard tries Tackle on Alakazam, and gets hit with Psychic in result, Ash has Pikachu assist Charizard by using ThunderShock—which promptly hits Charizard.	
Ash	person	63	With Charizard on the ropes (about to eat up another Psychic), Ash warns Pikachu, standing still amidst the beating Charizard is taking, that if Charizard is unable to continue, they will lose the match.	
Ash	person	113	 The Hyper Beam tears across the battlefield and into Marowak, knocking both of Luana's Pokémon out, and giving Ash the victory.	
Ash	person	6	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Ash	person	68	After Ash receives the Jade Star Badge for the victory, Luana tells Ash that he is finally able to compete in the Orange League against the Orange Crew Supreme Gym Leader for the Winner's Trophy.	
Ash	person	37	 Leaving Kumquat Island, Luana tells Ash that if should he encounter Travis, he should deliver some greetings from home for him.	
