Quincy T. Quackenpoker	person	95	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling along on Lapras when a submarine surfaces and a man named Quincy T. Quackenpoker comes out and sets up equipment.	
Quackenpoker	person	1	 Quackenpoker comes out and sets up equipment.	
Quackenpoker	person	68	 Mentioning that he believes he knows where the Magikarp are headed Quackenpoker sets off after them in his submarine.	
Quackenpoker	person	26	 Shortly after  they meet Quackenpoker carrying a large heavy pack who quickly drafts the three friends and Pikachu into carrying it for him.	
Quackenpoker	person	102	 He then introduces himself as a Pokémon watcher who has dedicated his life to the study of Magikarp.Quackenpoker sets up a tripod with camera programmed to record information on the number and physical condition of the Magikarp.	
Quackenpoker	person	13	The trio and Quackenpoker then see the Magikarp swimming up a waterfall.	
Quackenpoker	person	142	 Tracey postulates that while the Magikarp swim around the world they are building up their strength in order to scale the falls, although as Quackenpoker explains half of the school are still too weak to make the climb.	
Quackenpoker	person	107	 In an attempt to stop its escape they jump on it but are dragged into to water and over the falls instead.Quackenpoker leads the group up the hill hurrying them along so he will be in time to see the Magikarp evolve.	
Quackenpoker	person	85	 When they reach the top, after setting up his monitoring equipment beside the lake, Quackenpoker joins the trio for a meal.	
Quackenpoker	person	26	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Quackenpoker	person	176	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Quackenpoker	person	51	 However the water in the lake begins to churn and Quackenpoker states that something is wrong.	
Quackenpoker	person	46	 Using their distraction they capture Pikachu.Quackenpoker stops Ash before he can order Pikachu to use Thunderbolt saying that the resulting shock would hurt the Magikarp.	
Quackenpoker	person	60	 Jessie and Meowth try to pull it off without success until Quackenpoker intervenes, stroking its fin until it relaxes and releases James.	
Quackenpoker	person	77	As Team Rocket prepare to retaliate they were surprised when the Magikarp in Quackenpoker's arms began to evolve before being followed by the rest of the lake bathing the scene in white light.	
Quackenpoker	person	90	 The Gyarados and the remaining unevolved Magikarp swim back out to sea being followed by Quackenpoker and Tracey as they count the number of evolved and unevolved Magikarp.	
Team Rocket	group	42	Meanwhile the group are being observed by Team Rocket who at Jessie's instigation hatch a plan to catch all the Magikarp in order that they can train them into evolving into Gyarados.	
Team Rocket	group	95	 However the water in the lake begins to churn and Quackenpoker states that something is wrong.Team Rocket's submarine appears, using long arms to pluck the Magikarp out of the water.	
Team Rocket	group	105	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Team Rocket	group	3	As Team Rocket prepare to retaliate they were surprised when the Magikarp in Quackenpoker's arms began to evolve before being followed by the rest of the lake bathing the scene in white light.	
Team Rocket	group	5	 The Team Rocket sub was sucked up into a massive water spout and sent splashing off again.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket is finally shown to be stranded on a rock in the middle of the ocean surrounded by Gyarados.	
Rind Island	region	34	 The trio decide to follow him to Rind Island and find out where the Magikarp are going.	
Thunderbolt	move	58	Quackenpoker stops Ash before he can order Pikachu to use Thunderbolt saying that the resulting shock would hurt the Magikarp.	
Vine Whip	move	54	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	23	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Gyarados	pokemon	174	Meanwhile the group are being observed by Team Rocket who at Jessie's instigation hatch a plan to catch all the Magikarp in order that they can train them into evolving into Gyarados.	
Gyarados	pokemon	5	 The Gyarados and the remaining unevolved Magikarp swim back out to sea being followed by Quackenpoker and Tracey as they count the number of evolved and unevolved Magikarp.	
Gyarados	pokemon	96	 Team Rocket is finally shown to be stranded on a rock in the middle of the ocean surrounded by Gyarados.	
Magikarp	pokemon	64	 Suddenly they are caught in the middle of a migrating group of Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	48	 Mentioning that he believes he knows where the Magikarp are headed Quackenpoker sets off after them in his submarine.	
Magikarp	pokemon	69	 The trio decide to follow him to Rind Island and find out where the Magikarp are going.	
Magikarp	pokemon	49	When the trio arrives on the island they see the Magikarp swimming upstream.	
Magikarp	pokemon	93	 He then introduces himself as a Pokémon watcher who has dedicated his life to the study of Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	119	Quackenpoker sets up a tripod with camera programmed to record information on the number and physical condition of the Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	45	 He also explained his system of banding the Magikarp to reveal when each Magikarp left the island.	
Magikarp	pokemon	74	 He also explained his system of banding the Magikarp to reveal when each Magikarp left the island.	
Magikarp	pokemon	5	 The Magikarp are born in the waters around the island but once a year they all return to the island no matter where they are.	
Magikarp	pokemon	112	Meanwhile the group are being observed by Team Rocket who at Jessie's instigation hatch a plan to catch all the Magikarp in order that they can train them into evolving into Gyarados.	
Magikarp	pokemon	39	The trio and Quackenpoker then see the Magikarp swimming up a waterfall.	
Magikarp	pokemon	34	 Tracey postulates that while the Magikarp swim around the world they are building up their strength in order to scale the falls, although as Quackenpoker explains half of the school are still too weak to make the climb.	
Magikarp	pokemon	94	Quackenpoker leads the group up the hill hurrying them along so he will be in time to see the Magikarp evolve.	
Magikarp	pokemon	54	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Magikarp	pokemon	102	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Magikarp	pokemon	222	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Magikarp	pokemon	5	 The Magikarp begin leaping out of the water sensing something about to happen.	
Magikarp	pokemon	62	Team Rocket's submarine appears, using long arms to pluck the Magikarp out of the water.	
Magikarp	pokemon	59	 However their greedy harvest quickly results in a glut of Magikarp within the sub and as a result it begins to sink and they are forced to throw many back.	
Magikarp	pokemon	37	 After this, they begin throwing the Magikarp out of the submarine forcing Ash and his friends to catch them before they fall.	
Magikarp	pokemon	117	Quackenpoker stops Ash before he can order Pikachu to use Thunderbolt saying that the resulting shock would hurt the Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	184	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Magikarp	pokemon	65	As Team Rocket prepare to retaliate they were surprised when the Magikarp in Quackenpoker's arms began to evolve before being followed by the rest of the lake bathing the scene in white light.	
Magikarp	pokemon	42	 The Gyarados and the remaining unevolved Magikarp swim back out to sea being followed by Quackenpoker and Tracey as they count the number of evolved and unevolved Magikarp.	
Magikarp	pokemon	164	 The Gyarados and the remaining unevolved Magikarp swim back out to sea being followed by Quackenpoker and Tracey as they count the number of evolved and unevolved Magikarp.	
Pikachu	pokemon	108	 Shortly after  they meet Quackenpoker carrying a large heavy pack who quickly drafts the three friends and Pikachu into carrying it for him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	26	 He comments that Ash and Pikachu have the most symbiotic relationship he has ever seen.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 Using their distraction they capture Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	Quackenpoker stops Ash before he can order Pikachu to use Thunderbolt saying that the resulting shock would hurt the Magikarp.	
Pikachu	pokemon	84	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Pikachu	pokemon	49	 While they were distracted Ash was able to grab Pikachu.	
Pokémon	pokemon	33	 He then introduces himself as a Pokémon watcher who has dedicated his life to the study of Magikarp.	
Lapras	pokemon	46	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling along on Lapras when a submarine surfaces and a man named Quincy T.	
Jessie	person	61	Meanwhile the group are being observed by Team Rocket who at Jessie's instigation hatch a plan to catch all the Magikarp in order that they can train them into evolving into Gyarados.	
Jessie	person	24	At the top of the falls Jessie, James and Meowth are waiting with nets, having no money for Poké Balls.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and Meowth try to pull it off without success until Quackenpoker intervenes, stroking its fin until it relaxes and releases James.	
Meowth	pokemon	42	At the top of the falls Jessie, James and Meowth are waiting with nets, having no money for Poké Balls.	
Meowth	pokemon	12	 Jessie and Meowth try to pull it off without success until Quackenpoker intervenes, stroking its fin until it relaxes and releases James.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling along on Lapras when a submarine surfaces and a man named Quincy T.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey postulates that while the Magikarp swim around the world they are building up their strength in order to scale the falls, although as Quackenpoker explains half of the school are still too weak to make the climb.	
Tracey	person	15	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Tracey	person	75	As night falls Tracey and Quackenpoker are discussing Magikarp habits with Tracey suggesting that the Magikarp navigate by noting the position of the Sun as they leap although Quackenpoker disproves this idea by showing a Magikarp that can't jump at all yet still finds its way to the island.	
Tracey	person	107	 The Gyarados and the remaining unevolved Magikarp swim back out to sea being followed by Quackenpoker and Tracey as they count the number of evolved and unevolved Magikarp.	
James	person	32	At the top of the falls Jessie, James and Meowth are waiting with nets, having no money for Poké Balls.	
James	person	1	 James catches one in his net, but it quickly escapes onto the bank.	
James	person	172	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
James	person	132	 Jessie and Meowth try to pull it off without success until Quackenpoker intervenes, stroking its fin until it relaxes and releases James.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling along on Lapras when a submarine surfaces and a man named Quincy T.	
Poké	item	92	At the top of the falls Jessie, James and Meowth are waiting with nets, having no money for Poké Balls.	
Ash	person	18	 He comments that Ash and Pikachu have the most symbiotic relationship he has ever seen.	
Ash	person	75	 After this, they begin throwing the Magikarp out of the submarine forcing Ash and his friends to catch them before they fall.	
Ash	person	19	Quackenpoker stops Ash before he can order Pikachu to use Thunderbolt saying that the resulting shock would hurt the Magikarp.	
Ash	person	11	 Agreeing, Ash selects Bulbasaur commanding it to use Vine Whip, however by passing Pikachu between them Team Rocket are able to foil the attack, although in the confusion James got a Magikarp attached to his head.	
Ash	person	28	 While they were distracted Ash was able to grab Pikachu.	
