Pokémon Center	building	125	At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island.	
Orange League	region	65	While staying at another island, Ash and Pikachu prepare for the Orange League.	
ThunderShock	move	106	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Fury Attacks	move	82	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Double-Edge	move	147	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Team Rocket	group	33	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Team Rocket	group	196	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Team Rocket	group	214	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Victreebel	pokemon	47	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Stun Spore	move	64	 The two try to struggle free, but Vileplume uses a point-blank Stun Spore on them.	
Stun Spore	move	165	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Stun Spore	move	171	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Confusion	move	268	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Vileplume	pokemon	61	 Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening.	
Vileplume	pokemon	157	 Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening.	
Vileplume	pokemon	35	 The two try to struggle free, but Vileplume uses a point-blank Stun Spore on them.	
Vileplume	pokemon	153	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Vileplume	pokemon	234	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Vileplume	pokemon	159	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Vileplume	pokemon	252	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Goldeen	pokemon	72	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Poliwag	pokemon	217	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Poliwag	pokemon	73	 James and Meowth set off to find the Salveyo weed, but manage to find a Poliwag.	
Poliwag	pokemon	36	 However, their way of coercing the Poliwag to help them makes Poliwag run away in fear.	
Poliwag	pokemon	63	 However, their way of coercing the Poliwag to help them makes Poliwag run away in fear.	
Poliwag	pokemon	94	 At the same time, Misty, having searched several lakes, has not found the Salveyo weed, when Poliwag appears.	
Poliwag	pokemon	1	 Poliwag warms up to Misty just as James and Meowth appear.	
Poliwag	pokemon	29	 James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse.	
Poliwag	pokemon	61	 James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse.	
Poliwag	pokemon	35	 Misty, who had managed to ask for Poliwag's help, walks away with Poliwag in tow.	
Poliwag	pokemon	67	 Misty, who had managed to ask for Poliwag's help, walks away with Poliwag in tow.	
Poliwag	pokemon	7	Later, Poliwag has managed to get them the Salveyo weed that they need.	
Poliwag	pokemon	49	 Though Misty tries to say her thanks and leave, Poliwag is adamant that it follow her.	
Poliwag	pokemon	41	 As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured.	
Poliwag	pokemon	252	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Poliwag	pokemon	69	The day ends with Misty having a new friend and a new team member in Poliwag.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	While staying at another island, Ash and Pikachu prepare for the Orange League.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu, unaffected, races back to their cabin for help.	
Pikachu	pokemon	9	 Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.	
Pikachu	pokemon	133	Later, both parties have recovered, and Jessie, surmising that Ash and Tracey are still sick, decides to make their move in stealing Pikachu while they are still out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	72	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Weezing	pokemon	127	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	204	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Psyduck	pokemon	228	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Pokémon	pokemon	125	At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	 As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured.	
Pokédex	item	79	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Jessie	person	59	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Jessie	person	89	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Jessie	person	126	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Jessie	person	195	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Jessie	person	66	 James quickly recalls that Salveyo weed can help cure her, which Jessie quickly admonishes James for.	
Jessie	person	303	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Jessie	person	124	 James and Meowth are surprised that Misty would leave some of her Salveyo weed for them, but nevertheless takes it to help Jessie recover.	
Jessie	person	40	Later, both parties have recovered, and Jessie, surmising that Ash and Tracey are still sick, decides to make their move in stealing Pikachu while they are still out.	
Jessie	person	4	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Jessie	person	132	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Jessie	person	61	 Not wanting another conflict, James and Meowth quickly cart Jessie and Arbok off.	
Meowth	pokemon	39	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth set off to find the Salveyo weed, but manage to find a Poliwag.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Poliwag warms up to Misty just as James and Meowth appear.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse.	
Meowth	pokemon	45	 Seeing that Misty is outnumbered, James and Meowth proposition a battle, which Misty accepts.	
Meowth	pokemon	164	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Meowth	pokemon	166	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Meowth	pokemon	99	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Meowth	pokemon	11	 James and Meowth are surprised that Misty would leave some of her Salveyo weed for them, but nevertheless takes it to help Jessie recover.	
Meowth	pokemon	53	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Meowth	pokemon	41	 Not wanting another conflict, James and Meowth quickly cart Jessie and Arbok off.	
Tracey	person	15	 Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening.	
Tracey	person	145	 Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening.	
Tracey	person	55	At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island.	
Tracey	person	10	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Tracey	person	41	 Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.	
Tracey	person	73	 As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured.	
Tracey	person	116	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Tracey	person	71	Later, both parties have recovered, and Jessie, surmising that Ash and Tracey are still sick, decides to make their move in stealing Pikachu while they are still out.	
Togepi	pokemon	59	 Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.	
Staryu	pokemon	107	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Spore	move	69	 The two try to struggle free, but Vileplume uses a point-blank Stun Spore on them.	
Spore	move	170	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Spore	move	176	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
James	person	29	Meanwhile, at another cabin, James and Meowth have offered Jessie an apple to help cheer Jessie up - it is then revealed that Jessie had also been a victim to Vileplume's Stun Spore, caused when Jessie dove headfirst into a field of flowers right into Vileplume's head opening.	
James	person	1	 James quickly recalls that Salveyo weed can help cure her, which Jessie quickly admonishes James for.	
James	person	92	 James quickly recalls that Salveyo weed can help cure her, which Jessie quickly admonishes James for.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth set off to find the Salveyo weed, but manage to find a Poliwag.	
James	person	35	 Poliwag warms up to Misty just as James and Meowth appear.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse.	
James	person	35	 Seeing that Misty is outnumbered, James and Meowth proposition a battle, which Misty accepts.	
James	person	156	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
James	person	242	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
James	person	63	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
James	person	1	 James and Meowth are surprised that Misty would leave some of her Salveyo weed for them, but nevertheless takes it to help Jessie recover.	
James	person	42	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
James	person	31	 Not wanting another conflict, James and Meowth quickly cart Jessie and Arbok off.	
Misty	person	14	At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island.	
Misty	person	56	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Misty	person	49	 Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.	
Misty	person	19	 At the same time, Misty, having searched several lakes, has not found the Salveyo weed, when Poliwag appears.	
Misty	person	21	 Poliwag warms up to Misty just as James and Meowth appear.	
Misty	person	42	 James and Meowth demand the Poliwag, but Misty, seeing that Poliwag is hiding behind her, refuse.	
Misty	person	13	 Seeing that Misty is outnumbered, James and Meowth proposition a battle, which Misty accepts.	
Misty	person	80	 Seeing that Misty is outnumbered, James and Meowth proposition a battle, which Misty accepts.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty, who had managed to ask for Poliwag's help, walks away with Poliwag in tow.	
Misty	person	8	 Though Misty tries to say her thanks and leave, Poliwag is adamant that it follow her.	
Misty	person	29	 As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured.	
Misty	person	83	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Misty	person	187	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Misty	person	51	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Misty	person	152	 A last ditch effort to take the Salveyo weed from Misty (with James disguised as an old lady with Meowth as the baby) is also met with failure, though Misty leaves some of their Salveyo weed for Team Rocket after Team Rocket is knocked off a cliff by Poliwag.	
Misty	person	37	 James and Meowth are surprised that Misty would leave some of her Salveyo weed for them, but nevertheless takes it to help Jessie recover.	
Misty	person	18	The day ends with Misty having a new friend and a new team member in Poliwag.	
Arbok	pokemon	41	 Ash and company's reverie is stopped by Arbok crashing through the cabin.	
Arbok	pokemon	122	 As Jessie presses on her attack (without James' and Meowth's support), Pikachu, in self-defense, lands a ThunderShock on Arbok and Jessie, paralyzing them yet again.	
Arbok	pokemon	72	 Not wanting another conflict, James and Meowth quickly cart Jessie and Arbok off.	
Bite	move	173	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Smog	move	137	 The battle does not go well for Team Rocket - Victreebel is juggled by Goldeen's Fury Attacks repeatedly, Staryu cuts through Weezing's Smog with Double-Edge, and Meowth's Bite attack manages to land on Psyduck's head, causing Psyduck to unleash the headache-induced Confusion.	
Ash	person	33	While staying at another island, Ash and Pikachu prepare for the Orange League.	
Ash	person	108	 Walking up to Tracey, who was examining "the most beautiful Vileplume he had seen", to ask for assistance, Ash trips, knocking both himself and Tracey into Vileplume's head opening.	
Ash	person	47	At the cabin, Misty is struggling to help cure Ash and Tracey - they have no first aid aside from band aids, and the nearest Pokémon Center is on another island.	
Ash	person	73	 However, Tracey, in his weakened state, manages to get Misty to look in Ash's Pokédex for advice - and finds that Salveyo weed has the ability to cure Vileplume's Stun Spore, and they are found on lake bottoms with Poliwag wherever Vileplume are found.	
Ash	person	33	 Leaving Pikachu to take care of Ash and Tracey, Misty and Togepi set out to find the Salveyo weed.	
Ash	person	68	 As they walk back together, Misty tells Poliwag of how it can meet Ash, Tracey, and all of their Pokémon when they are cured.	
Ash	person	108	 Encountering a series of items on the ground (including; make-up, food, dresses), Misty ignores them (with Ash and Tracey's health as a priority), causing James and Meowth to wonder why Misty had not fallen for their four straight pitfalls, James then realizes that they shouldn't have guessed on what Jessie would have stopped for.	
Ash	person	63	Later, both parties have recovered, and Jessie, surmising that Ash and Tracey are still sick, decides to make their move in stealing Pikachu while they are still out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and company's reverie is stopped by Arbok crashing through the cabin.	
