Indigo Plateau Conference	event	168	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Supreme Gym Leader	person	101	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Palace of Victory	building	86	 After being shown the Pummelo Stadium, (which is very hard to miss) Ash is shown the Palace of Victory where all victorious Trainers are immortalized.	
Pummelo Stadium	region	23	 After being shown the Pummelo Stadium, (which is very hard to miss) Ash is shown the Palace of Victory where all victorious Trainers are immortalized.	
Indigo Plateau	region	168	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Professor Oak	person	11	 Ash calls Professor Oak, who suggests using one of his other Pokémon instead.	
ThunderShock	move	21	 Next, they both use ThunderShock at the same time.	
Quick Attack	move	19	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack and Ditto use the same move too, until they meet each other in the air.	
Confuse Ray	move	18	 Gengar then uses Confuse Ray on Tauros, who starts running into the rocks.	
Confuse Ray	move	23	Ash decides to counter Confuse Ray with Ice Beam, and sends out Lapras.	
Team Rocket	group	51	 Though he doesn't have any time to dwell on it as Team Rocket have turned up to steal his Dragonite.	
Team Rocket	group	10	 Outside, Team Rocket are more amazed at who the challenger is.	
Orange Crew	region	127	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Full Battle	item	122	 After having his Badges verified, he is told that his battle will be held on the following morning and that it will be a Full Battle.	
Thunderbolt	move	66	 Ditto starts using Agility, while Pikachu tries to shock it with Thunderbolt, but no luck.	
Night Shade	move	19	 Gengar then tries Night Shade, so Lapras uses Ice Beam.	
Skull Bash	move	9	 A final Skull Bash finishes the round.	
Hyper Beam	move	14	 However, one Hyper Beam later and they are already blasting off.	
Hydro Pump	move	64	 Squirtle manages to counter this by using Withdraw followed by Hydro Pump.	
Gym Leader	person	109	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Nurse Joy	person	15	 On consulting Nurse Joy, she states that Snorlax probably won't wake up for several days.	
Transform	move	29	 Ditto naturally starts with Transform to turn into a copy of Pikachu.	
Poké Ball	item	20	 Ash puts Snorlax's Poké Ball on the transporter and receives a very happy Tauros in return.	
Water Gun	move	30	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Water Gun	move	54	 As the rock snake burrows underground, it dodges the Water Gun.	
Water Gun	move	93	 Lapras avoids Gengar's initial attacks by going underwater, coming out to hit Gengar with a Water Gun.	
Dragonite	pokemon	114	 However, before Ash and his friends arrive, they notice a mysterious Pokémon flying around, which seems to be a Dragonite.	
Dragonite	pokemon	119	 But no one has beaten the leader in a long time, and the reason why no one was able to beat the leader is because his Dragonite was too strong to be defeated.	
Dragonite	pokemon	91	 Though he doesn't have any time to dwell on it as Team Rocket have turned up to steal his Dragonite.	
Dragonite	pokemon	35	 Meowth likes this as they can get Dragonite when the challenger has softened it up a little.	
Withdraw	move	43	 Squirtle manages to counter this by using Withdraw followed by Hydro Pump.	
Ice Beam	move	40	Ash decides to counter Confuse Ray with Ice Beam, and sends out Lapras.	
Ice Beam	move	47	 Gengar then tries Night Shade, so Lapras uses Ice Beam.	
Squirtle	pokemon	35	 Ash recalls Pikachu and sends out Squirtle.	
Squirtle	pokemon	14	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Squirtle	pokemon	62	 Ash is now unsure as to what to do, finally deciding to send Squirtle into the water.	
Squirtle	pokemon	23	 However, Onix gets to Squirtle first, knocking it into the air before holding it in a Bind.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle manages to counter this by using Withdraw followed by Hydro Pump.	
Pummelo	region	23	 After being shown the Pummelo Stadium, (which is very hard to miss) Ash is shown the Palace of Victory where all victorious Trainers are immortalized.	
Pikachu	pokemon	47	Drake starts with Ditto, while Ash starts with Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	62	 Ditto naturally starts with Transform to turn into a copy of Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu begins with a powerful Thunder, and then Ditto uses its own Thunder.	
Pikachu	pokemon	37	 The rocks begin to crumble, hurting Pikachu but not Ditto, who calmly hops from one to the other.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 Ditto starts using Agility, while Pikachu tries to shock it with Thunderbolt, but no luck.	
Pikachu	pokemon	17	 Ditto then hits Pikachu with Thunder, but it has no effect as Pikachu channels it to the ground with his tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	63	 Ditto then hits Pikachu with Thunder, but it has no effect as Pikachu channels it to the ground with his tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack and Ditto use the same move too, until they meet each other in the air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	33	 Both fall to the ground, though Pikachu manages to get up and knock Ditto with his tail to win the round.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Tracey realizes that Pikachu managed to win because he was in better physical shape.	
Pikachu	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Pikachu and sends out Squirtle.	
Agility	move	20	 Ditto starts using Agility, while Pikachu tries to shock it with Thunderbolt, but no luck.	
Kingler	pokemon	1	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Kingler	pokemon	140	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Thunder	move	32	 Pikachu begins with a powerful Thunder, and then Ditto uses its own Thunder.	
Thunder	move	69	 Pikachu begins with a powerful Thunder, and then Ditto uses its own Thunder.	
Thunder	move	30	 Ditto then hits Pikachu with Thunder, but it has no effect as Pikachu channels it to the ground with his tail.	
Fissure	move	13	 Tauros uses Fissure, but Gengar just jumps into the air, making the ground attack useless.	
Pokémon	pokemon	70	 However, before Ash and his friends arrive, they notice a mysterious Pokémon flying around, which seems to be a Dragonite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	62	 Ash calls Professor Oak, who suggests using one of his other Pokémon instead.	
Pokémon	pokemon	119	 After the customary handshake, the referee states that the state of the field will change after one of them has three Pokémon faint.	
Pokémon	pokemon	82	 Ash has done really well to get past Drake's Ditto but he still has another five Pokémon to face.	
Pokémon	pokemon	138	Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Pokémon	pokemon	115	Drake is surprised at Ash's second victory, but tells him that he won't have a ghost of a chance against his third Pokémon, Gengar.	
Pokémon	pokemon	36	 Misty and Tracey are worried as no Pokémon is strong against a ghost, so Ash decides to try his beginner's luck strategy and sends out Tauros.	
Snorlax	pokemon	1	 Snorlax won't wake up.	
Snorlax	pokemon	42	 On consulting Nurse Joy, she states that Snorlax probably won't wake up for several days.	
Snorlax	pokemon	10	 Ash puts Snorlax's Poké Ball on the transporter and receives a very happy Tauros in return.	
Lapras	pokemon	64	Ash decides to counter Confuse Ray with Ice Beam, and sends out Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras avoids Gengar's initial attacks by going underwater, coming out to hit Gengar with a Water Gun.	
Lapras	pokemon	35	 Gengar then tries Night Shade, so Lapras uses Ice Beam.	
Gengar	pokemon	125	Drake is surprised at Ash's second victory, but tells him that he won't have a ghost of a chance against his third Pokémon, Gengar.	
Gengar	pokemon	26	 Tauros uses Fissure, but Gengar just jumps into the air, making the ground attack useless.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar then uses Confuse Ray on Tauros, who starts running into the rocks.	
Gengar	pokemon	15	 Lapras avoids Gengar's initial attacks by going underwater, coming out to hit Gengar with a Water Gun.	
Gengar	pokemon	79	 Lapras avoids Gengar's initial attacks by going underwater, coming out to hit Gengar with a Water Gun.	
Gengar	pokemon	1	 Gengar then tries Night Shade, so Lapras uses Ice Beam.	
Tauros	pokemon	29	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Tauros	pokemon	72	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Tauros	pokemon	76	 Ash puts Snorlax's Poké Ball on the transporter and receives a very happy Tauros in return.	
Tauros	pokemon	137	 Misty and Tracey are worried as no Pokémon is strong against a ghost, so Ash decides to try his beginner's luck strategy and sends out Tauros.	
Tauros	pokemon	1	 Tauros uses Fissure, but Gengar just jumps into the air, making the ground attack useless.	
Tauros	pokemon	33	 Gengar then uses Confuse Ray on Tauros, who starts running into the rocks.	
Tauros	pokemon	33	 Ash has no choice but to recall Tauros.	
Jessie	person	14	That evening, Jessie and James contemplate their humiliating defeat.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth likes this as they can get Dragonite when the challenger has softened it up a little.	
Meowth	pokemon	5	 But Meowth states that this will just make things all the more interesting.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey realizes that Pikachu managed to win because he was in better physical shape.	
Tracey	person	11	 Misty and Tracey are worried as no Pokémon is strong against a ghost, so Ash decides to try his beginner's luck strategy and sends out Tauros.	
Ditto	pokemon	18	Drake starts with Ditto, while Ash starts with Pikachu.	
Ditto	pokemon	1	 Ditto naturally starts with Transform to turn into a copy of Pikachu.	
Ditto	pokemon	50	 Pikachu begins with a powerful Thunder, and then Ditto uses its own Thunder.	
Ditto	pokemon	53	 The rocks begin to crumble, hurting Pikachu but not Ditto, who calmly hops from one to the other.	
Ditto	pokemon	1	 Ditto starts using Agility, while Pikachu tries to shock it with Thunderbolt, but no luck.	
Ditto	pokemon	1	 Ditto then hits Pikachu with Thunder, but it has no effect as Pikachu channels it to the ground with his tail.	
Ditto	pokemon	36	 Pikachu then uses Quick Attack and Ditto use the same move too, until they meet each other in the air.	
Ditto	pokemon	69	 Both fall to the ground, though Pikachu manages to get up and knock Ditto with his tail to win the round.	
Ditto	pokemon	46	 Ash has done really well to get past Drake's Ditto but he still has another five Pokémon to face.	
Ditto	pokemon	22	Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Drake	person	90	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Drake	person	76	 But Meowth states that this will just make things all the more interesting.Drake starts with Ditto, while Ash starts with Pikachu.	
Drake	person	38	 Ash has done really well to get past Drake's Ditto but he still has another five Pokémon to face.Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Drake	person	99	 Ash has done really well to get past Drake's Ditto but he still has another five Pokémon to face.Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Drake	person	1	 Drake seems pleased with this.	
Drake	person	41	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Drake	person	39	 A final Skull Bash finishes the round.Drake is surprised at Ash's second victory, but tells him that he won't have a ghost of a chance against his third Pokémon, Gengar.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake thinks Ash has finally slipped up.	
James	person	25	That evening, Jessie and James contemplate their humiliating defeat.	
Misty	person	41	 Ash is now ready to start training, but Misty tells him that first he needs to know where the stadium is.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty and Tracey are worried as no Pokémon is strong against a ghost, so Ash decides to try his beginner's luck strategy and sends out Tauros.	
Water	type	30	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Water	type	54	 As the rock snake burrows underground, it dodges the Water Gun.	
Water	type	93	 Lapras avoids Gengar's initial attacks by going underwater, coming out to hit Gengar with a Water Gun.	
Onix	pokemon	151	Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Onix	pokemon	53	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Onix	pokemon	10	 However, Onix gets to Squirtle first, knocking it into the air before holding it in a Bind.	
Poké	item	20	 Ash puts Snorlax's Poké Ball on the transporter and receives a very happy Tauros in return.	
Bind	move	87	 However, Onix gets to Squirtle first, knocking it into the air before holding it in a Bind.	
Dig	move	65	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Gym	building	109	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Ash	person	17	 However, before Ash and his friends arrive, they notice a mysterious Pokémon flying around, which seems to be a Dragonite.	
Ash	person	40	On reaching the island, the first thing Ash does is register himself for a battle against Drake, the Supreme Gym Leader of the Orange Crew.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is now ready to start training, but Misty tells him that first he needs to know where the stadium is.	
Ash	person	69	 After being shown the Pummelo Stadium, (which is very hard to miss) Ash is shown the Palace of Victory where all victorious Trainers are immortalized.	
Ash	person	65	 However, one Hyper Beam later and they are already blasting off.Ash is now ready to get into training.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash calls Professor Oak, who suggests using one of his other Pokémon instead.	
Ash	person	49	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash puts Snorlax's Poké Ball on the transporter and receives a very happy Tauros in return.	
Ash	person	18	The next morning, Ash arrives at the stadium ready to battle.	
Ash	person	31	Drake starts with Ditto, while Ash starts with Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has done really well to get past Drake's Ditto but he still has another five Pokémon to face.	
Ash	person	57	Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Ash	person	92	Drake is proud of his Ditto for battling and is proud of Ash on his first victory and tells Ash that he's going to get rocked by his next Pokémon, an Onix!	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Pikachu and sends out Squirtle.	
Ash	person	4	 As Ash tells Squirtle to use Water Gun, Drake tells Onix to use Dig.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is now unsure as to what to do, finally deciding to send Squirtle into the water.	
Ash	person	22	Drake is surprised at Ash's second victory, but tells him that he won't have a ghost of a chance against his third Pokémon, Gengar.	
Ash	person	75	 Misty and Tracey are worried as no Pokémon is strong against a ghost, so Ash decides to try his beginner's luck strategy and sends out Tauros.	
Ash	person	14	 Drake thinks Ash has finally slipped up.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash has no choice but to recall Tauros.Ash decides to counter Confuse Ray with Ice Beam, and sends out Lapras.	
Ash	person	40	 Ash has no choice but to recall Tauros.Ash decides to counter Confuse Ray with Ice Beam, and sends out Lapras.	
Oak	person	21	 Ash calls Professor Oak, who suggests using one of his other Pokémon instead.	
Muk	pokemon	10	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
Muk	pokemon	152	 Kingler, Muk and one of his Tauros turn up, and Ash decides to go with Tauros due to the "beginner's luck" factor that won his battle with Kingler and Muk back in the Indigo Plateau Conference.	
