Orange League Hall of Fame	building	146	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Drake's Dragonite	pokemon	73	Out of nowhere, Team Rocket appears in their balloon and tosses a net at Drake's Dragonite, trapping the dragon.	
Pokémon Trainer	person	78	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Winner's Trophy	item	61	Ash has won the match and is given the coveted Orange League Winner's Trophy by Drake.	
Ash's Pokémon	pokemon	41	 Though Dragonite has knocked out two of Ash's Pokémon in a row, its energy is slowly being taken down.	
Orange League	region	60	Last time, Ash had begun his Full Battle with Drake for the Orange League Championship.	
Orange League	region	47	Ash has won the match and is given the coveted Orange League Winner's Trophy by Drake.	
Orange League	region	146	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
ThunderShock	move	31	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Flamethrower	move	25	Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
ThunderPunch	move	31	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
ThunderPunch	move	72	 Bulbasaur gets its Tackle in; however, after being hit by Electabuzz's ThunderPunch, Bulbasaur is defeated.	
ThunderPunch	move	26	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Seismic Toss	move	81	 Electabuzz attempts to use Thunderbolt, but Charizard grabs Electabuzz and uses Seismic Toss, defeating it.	
Seismic Toss	move	47	 Luckily, Charizard recovers and goes in for a Seismic Toss, but Dragonite escapes and turns the move around by grabbing Charizard by the neck.	
Ash's Tauros	pokemon	146	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Confuse Ray	move	164	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Confuse Ray	move	149	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 In the stands, Team Rocket decide to capture Dragonite when Ash weakens it.	
Team Rocket	group	16	Out of nowhere, Team Rocket appears in their balloon and tosses a net at Drake's Dragonite, trapping the dragon.	
Team Rocket	group	7	 After Team Rocket says their motto, Drake grows furious with Team Rocket interrupting the match and commands Dragonite to send the bad guys blasting off again.	
Team Rocket	group	62	 After Team Rocket says their motto, Drake grows furious with Team Rocket interrupting the match and commands Dragonite to send the bad guys blasting off again.	
Team Rocket	group	5	With Team Rocket out of the way, the battle continues.	
Dragon Rage	move	31	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Full Battle	item	29	Last time, Ash had begun his Full Battle with Drake for the Orange League Championship.	
Thunderbolt	move	196	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Thunderbolt	move	28	 Electabuzz attempts to use Thunderbolt, but Charizard grabs Electabuzz and uses Seismic Toss, defeating it.	
Thunderbolt	move	49	 Squirtle is sent flying and then Dragonite uses Thunderbolt.	
Night Shade	move	51	 In a collision with Lapras' Ice Beam and Gengar's Night Shade, it is unknown which Pokémon will remain standing.	
Night Shade	move	42	After the explosion from the Ice Beam and Night Shade attacks, both Gengar and Lapras faint.	
Solar Beam	move	29	 Drake tells Venusaur to use Solar Beam.	
Razor Leaf	move	120	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Hyper Beam	move	29	 Dragonite gets ready to use Hyper Beam, but Pikachu uses his tail as a spring board to dodge the attack.	
Hyper Beam	move	60	 Dragonite is unable to move to due to the after effects of Hyper Beam, allowing Pikachu to land on Dragonite's head.	
Hydro Pump	move	100	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Grass-type	type	61	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	41	Drake recalls Venusaur and sends out his Electabuzz.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	13	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	132	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	13	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	59	 Bulbasaur gets its Tackle in; however, after being hit by Electabuzz's ThunderPunch, Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	1	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Electabuzz	pokemon	1	 Electabuzz attempts to use Thunderbolt, but Charizard grabs Electabuzz and uses Seismic Toss, defeating it.	
Electabuzz	pokemon	61	 Electabuzz attempts to use Thunderbolt, but Charizard grabs Electabuzz and uses Seismic Toss, defeating it.	
BubbleBeam	move	27	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Body Slam	move	18	 Drake commands a Body Slam, and Dragonite flies into the air and starts to descend.	
Body Slam	move	80	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Body Slam	move	37	 Drake commands a Fly, followed by a Body Slam.	
Body Slam	move	5	 The Body Slam hits, but doesn't have the intended effect.	
Poké Ball	item	54	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
SolarBeam	move	35	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
SolarBeam	move	70	 As this happens, Venusaur reverses itself in midair and releases its SolarBeam on Tauros, but Tauros isn't down since the SolarBeam got him unstuck from the sand.	
SolarBeam	move	123	 As this happens, Venusaur reverses itself in midair and releases its SolarBeam on Tauros, but Tauros isn't down since the SolarBeam got him unstuck from the sand.	
Fire Spin	move	91	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Water Gun	move	66	Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
Water Gun	move	160	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Dragonite	pokemon	46	 In the stands, Team Rocket decide to capture Dragonite when Ash weakens it.	
Dragonite	pokemon	116	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
Dragonite	pokemon	42	Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
Dragonite	pokemon	44	 Charizard then attempts to Fly upward, and Dragonite quickly follows.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite starts to use Ice Beam, and one hits Charizard's wing and it starts to go into freefall.	
Dragonite	pokemon	65	 Luckily, Charizard recovers and goes in for a Seismic Toss, but Dragonite escapes and turns the move around by grabbing Charizard by the neck.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite then uses Slam and Charizard is sent crashing into the ground.	
Dragonite	pokemon	63	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Dragonite	pokemon	7	 While Dragonite is left fazed, it's too much for Charizard and it faints.	
Dragonite	pokemon	48	 Ash recalls Charizard, thanking it for wearing Dragonite down.	
Dragonite	pokemon	9	 Indeed, Dragonite is already seen breathing heavily from the battle.	
Dragonite	pokemon	54	Knowing none of his Pokémon are on the same level as Dragonite, Ash decides they will have to work together to it take out.	
Dragonite	pokemon	148	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Dragonite	pokemon	34	 Squirtle is sent flying and then Dragonite uses Thunderbolt.	
Dragonite	pokemon	33	 Drake commands a Body Slam, and Dragonite flies into the air and starts to descend.	
Dragonite	pokemon	113	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Dragonite	pokemon	8	 Though Dragonite has knocked out two of Ash's Pokémon in a row, its energy is slowly being taken down.	
Dragonite	pokemon	81	Out of nowhere, Team Rocket appears in their balloon and tosses a net at Drake's Dragonite, trapping the dragon.	
Dragonite	pokemon	110	 After Team Rocket says their motto, Drake grows furious with Team Rocket interrupting the match and commands Dragonite to send the bad guys blasting off again.	
Dragonite	pokemon	69	 With only two Pokémon left, Ash decides to send out Tauros against Dragonite.	
Dragonite	pokemon	75	 Using the sand on the battlefield to absorb the impact, Tauros has caught Dragonite in his horns.	
Dragonite	pokemon	20	 Tauros then throws Dragonite into the air and it lands hard on the ground.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite gets up and hits Tauros with a Thunder, knocking the exhausted Pokémon out.	
Dragonite	pokemon	75	 Pikachu starts things off with an Agility, but is knocked into the air by Dragonite's tail.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite gets ready to use Hyper Beam, but Pikachu uses his tail as a spring board to dodge the attack.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite is unable to move to due to the after effects of Hyper Beam, allowing Pikachu to land on Dragonite's head.	
Dragonite	pokemon	100	 Dragonite is unable to move to due to the after effects of Hyper Beam, allowing Pikachu to land on Dragonite's head.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite tries to shake him off, but the battles with Ash's other Pokémon have left it quite exhausted.	
Dragonite	pokemon	1	 Dragonite and Pikachu are exhausted after the battle and, after a staring contest, Dragonite falls to the ground, finally defeated.	
Dragonite	pokemon	84	 Dragonite and Pikachu are exhausted after the battle and, after a staring contest, Dragonite falls to the ground, finally defeated.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	47	 Ash decides to let Tauros rest, and sends out Bulbasaur.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	49	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	57	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	1	 Bulbasaur gets its Tackle in; however, after being hit by Electabuzz's ThunderPunch, Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	86	 Bulbasaur gets its Tackle in; however, after being hit by Electabuzz's ThunderPunch, Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	74	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Charizard	pokemon	15	 Ash sends out Charizard.	
Charizard	pokemon	56	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Charizard	pokemon	45	 Electabuzz attempts to use Thunderbolt, but Charizard grabs Electabuzz and uses Seismic Toss, defeating it.	
Charizard	pokemon	126	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
Charizard	pokemon	250	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
Charizard	pokemon	1	 Charizard then attempts to Fly upward, and Dragonite quickly follows.	
Charizard	pokemon	48	 Dragonite starts to use Ice Beam, and one hits Charizard's wing and it starts to go into freefall.	
Charizard	pokemon	10	 Luckily, Charizard recovers and goes in for a Seismic Toss, but Dragonite escapes and turns the move around by grabbing Charizard by the neck.	
Charizard	pokemon	121	 Luckily, Charizard recovers and goes in for a Seismic Toss, but Dragonite escapes and turns the move around by grabbing Charizard by the neck.	
Charizard	pokemon	30	 Dragonite then uses Slam and Charizard is sent crashing into the ground.	
Charizard	pokemon	18	 Though weakened, Charizard refuses to go down and gets back on its feet.	
Charizard	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Charizard	pokemon	50	 While Dragonite is left fazed, it's too much for Charizard and it faints.	
Charizard	pokemon	13	 Ash recalls Charizard, thanking it for wearing Dragonite down.	
Charizard	pokemon	89	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Take Down	move	81	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
Take Down	move	142	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.	
Withdraw	move	25	 Squirtle is able to use Withdraw in time to escape the majority of the damage, but is still badly hurt.	
Ice Beam	move	29	 In a collision with Lapras' Ice Beam and Gengar's Night Shade, it is unknown which Pokémon will remain standing.	
Ice Beam	move	29	After the explosion from the Ice Beam and Night Shade attacks, both Gengar and Lapras faint.	
Ice Beam	move	25	 Dragonite starts to use Ice Beam, and one hits Charizard's wing and it starts to go into freefall.	
Venusaur	pokemon	70	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Venusaur	pokemon	13	 Drake tells Venusaur to use Solar Beam.	
Venusaur	pokemon	123	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
Venusaur	pokemon	26	 Ash tells Tauros to send Venusaur flying.	
Venusaur	pokemon	1	 Venusaur is sent soaring into the air.	
Venusaur	pokemon	18	 As this happens, Venusaur reverses itself in midair and releases its SolarBeam on Tauros, but Tauros isn't down since the SolarBeam got him unstuck from the sand.	
Venusaur	pokemon	1	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.	
Venusaur	pokemon	117	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.	
Venusaur	pokemon	14	Drake recalls Venusaur and sends out his Electabuzz.	
Venusaur	pokemon	43	 Tauros is still tired from his fight with Venusaur, but is still battle-ready.	
Squirtle	pokemon	13	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Squirtle	pokemon	14	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle is sent flying and then Dragonite uses Thunderbolt.	
Squirtle	pokemon	1	 Squirtle is able to use Withdraw in time to escape the majority of the damage, but is still badly hurt.	
Squirtle	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Squirtle	pokemon	143	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Squirtle	pokemon	48	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Pikachu	pokemon	87	 Dragonite gets up and hits Tauros with a Thunder, knocking the exhausted Pokémon out.Pikachu is Ash's last chance.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu starts things off with an Agility, but is knocked into the air by Dragonite's tail.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 Dragonite gets ready to use Hyper Beam, but Pikachu uses his tail as a spring board to dodge the attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	81	 Dragonite is unable to move to due to the after effects of Hyper Beam, allowing Pikachu to land on Dragonite's head.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Pikachu to use Thunder and Pikachu does so.	
Pikachu	pokemon	38	 Ash tells Pikachu to use Thunder and Pikachu does so.	
Pikachu	pokemon	15	 Dragonite and Pikachu are exhausted after the battle and, after a staring contest, Dragonite falls to the ground, finally defeated.	
Pikachu	pokemon	39	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Agility	move	35	 Pikachu starts things off with an Agility, but is knocked into the air by Dragonite's tail.	
Thunder	move	43	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Thunder	move	42	 Dragonite gets up and hits Tauros with a Thunder, knocking the exhausted Pokémon out.	
Thunder	move	26	 Ash tells Pikachu to use Thunder and Pikachu does so.	
Trainer	person	60	 The commentator for the match remarks how Ash is the first Trainer to knock out three of Drake's Pokémon in a row.	
Trainer	person	87	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Fissure	move	38	 Ash tries to start things off with a Fissure attack, but the attack doesn't work because the sand on the field absorbs the attack.	
Pokémon	pokemon	94	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Pokémon	pokemon	84	 In a collision with Lapras' Ice Beam and Gengar's Night Shade, it is unknown which Pokémon will remain standing.	
Pokémon	pokemon	28	 Ash and Drake recall their Pokémon, and with three of Drake's defeated, a field change ensues.	
Pokémon	pokemon	98	 The commentator for the match remarks how Ash is the first Trainer to knock out three of Drake's Pokémon in a row.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	106	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	35	 Both attacks collide, and the two Pokémon are sent flying back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	Knowing none of his Pokémon are on the same level as Dragonite, Ash decides they will have to work together to it take out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	47	 Though Dragonite has knocked out two of Ash's Pokémon in a row, its energy is slowly being taken down.	
Pokémon	pokemon	15	 With only two Pokémon left, Ash decides to send out Tauros against Dragonite.	
Pokémon	pokemon	74	 Dragonite gets up and hits Tauros with a Thunder, knocking the exhausted Pokémon out.	
Pokémon	pokemon	68	 Dragonite tries to shake him off, but the battles with Ash's other Pokémon have left it quite exhausted.	
Pokémon	pokemon	78	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Pokémon	pokemon	149	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Lapras	pokemon	189	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Lapras	pokemon	21	 In a collision with Lapras' Ice Beam and Gengar's Night Shade, it is unknown which Pokémon will remain standing.	
Lapras	pokemon	79	After the explosion from the Ice Beam and Night Shade attacks, both Gengar and Lapras faint.	
Lapras	pokemon	66	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Gengar	pokemon	106	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Gengar	pokemon	42	 In a collision with Lapras' Ice Beam and Gengar's Night Shade, it is unknown which Pokémon will remain standing.	
Gengar	pokemon	68	After the explosion from the Ice Beam and Night Shade attacks, both Gengar and Lapras faint.	
Gengar	pokemon	140	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Tauros	pokemon	152	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Tauros	pokemon	92	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Tauros	pokemon	67	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
Tauros	pokemon	96	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
Tauros	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Tauros to send Venusaur flying.	
Tauros	pokemon	83	 As this happens, Venusaur reverses itself in midair and releases its SolarBeam on Tauros, but Tauros isn't down since the SolarBeam got him unstuck from the sand.	
Tauros	pokemon	95	 As this happens, Venusaur reverses itself in midair and releases its SolarBeam on Tauros, but Tauros isn't down since the SolarBeam got him unstuck from the sand.	
Tauros	pokemon	68	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.	
Tauros	pokemon	85	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.	
Tauros	pokemon	20	 Ash decides to let Tauros rest, and sends out Bulbasaur.	
Tauros	pokemon	54	 With only two Pokémon left, Ash decides to send out Tauros against Dragonite.	
Tauros	pokemon	1	 Tauros is still tired from his fight with Venusaur, but is still battle-ready.	
Tauros	pokemon	37	 Ash suddenly gets an idea and tells Tauros to take the hit, surprising Drake.	
Tauros	pokemon	57	 Using the sand on the battlefield to absorb the impact, Tauros has caught Dragonite in his horns.	
Tauros	pokemon	1	 Tauros then throws Dragonite into the air and it lands hard on the ground.	
Tauros	pokemon	28	 Dragonite gets up and hits Tauros with a Thunder, knocking the exhausted Pokémon out.	
Tauros	pokemon	58	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Tackle	move	71	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
Tackle	move	20	 Bulbasaur gets its Tackle in; however, after being hit by Electabuzz's ThunderPunch, Bulbasaur is defeated.	
Ditto	pokemon	51	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Ditto	pokemon	93	 The electric mouse hops into the arena ready to fight, despite his early fight with Drake's Ditto.	
Grass	type	61	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Drake	person	46	Last time, Ash had begun his Full Battle with Drake for the Orange League Championship.	
Drake	person	43	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Drake	person	80	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Drake	person	9	 Ash and Drake recall their Pokémon, and with three of Drake's defeated, a field change ensues.	
Drake	person	56	 Ash and Drake recall their Pokémon, and with three of Drake's defeated, a field change ensues.	
Drake	person	90	 The commentator for the match remarks how Ash is the first Trainer to knock out three of Drake's Pokémon in a row.	
Drake	person	50	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake tells Venusaur to use Solar Beam.	
Drake	person	166	 Venusaur then launches a barrage of Vine Whips, a few of which hit Tauros, but then Tauros dodges the rest and hits Venusaur with a powerful Take Down, defeating it.Drake recalls Venusaur and sends out his Electabuzz.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderShock, but Bulbasaur's Grass-type advantage leaves it unfazed and counters with a Razor Leaf; Electabuzz is hit by a few of the leaves but then deflects with Thunderbolt.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
Drake	person	48	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Drake	person	72	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake commands a Body Slam, and Dragonite flies into the air and starts to descend.	
Drake	person	73	Out of nowhere, Team Rocket appears in their balloon and tosses a net at Drake's Dragonite, trapping the dragon.	
Drake	person	37	 After Team Rocket says their motto, Drake grows furious with Team Rocket interrupting the match and commands Dragonite to send the bad guys blasting off again.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake commands a Fly, followed by a Body Slam.	
Drake	person	72	 Ash suddenly gets an idea and tells Tauros to take the hit, surprising Drake.	
Drake	person	85	 The electric mouse hops into the arena ready to fight, despite his early fight with Drake's Ditto.	
Drake	person	80	Ash has won the match and is given the coveted Orange League Winner's Trophy by Drake.	
Drake	person	1	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Brock	person	42	 The episode ends with Ash hoping to tell Brock about his win.	
Ember	move	126	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Water	type	66	Charizard quickly uses a Flamethrower but Dragonite counters with Water Gun, not only negating the attack but also striking Charizard with the super-effective move.	
Water	type	160	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Fire	type	91	 Electabuzz fights with a ThunderPunch and Thunder, but Charizard stops its attacking with Fire Spin (incorrectly referred as Ember in the dub).	
Onix	pokemon	61	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Onix	pokemon	80	 He sends out Squirtle, who is still tired from its earlier battle with Drake's Onix and commands a Hydro Pump, but it is knocked out of the air by Dragonite's Water Gun.	
Poké	item	54	 Drake has only one Pokémon left, and he removes the Poké Ball from his necklace and sends out his best Pokémon, Dragonite.	
Slam	move	21	 Dragonite then uses Slam and Charizard is sent crashing into the ground.	
Slam	move	23	 Drake commands a Body Slam, and Dragonite flies into the air and starts to descend.	
Slam	move	85	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Slam	move	42	 Drake commands a Fly, followed by a Body Slam.	
Slam	move	10	 The Body Slam hits, but doesn't have the intended effect.	
Rage	move	38	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Fly	move	28	 Charizard then attempts to Fly upward, and Dragonite quickly follows.	
Fly	move	18	 Drake commands a Fly, followed by a Body Slam.	
Ash	person	11	Last time, Ash had begun his Full Battle with Drake for the Orange League Championship.	
Ash	person	146	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Ash	person	180	 Pikachu and Squirtle had already defeated Drake's Ditto and Onix respectively; Drake's third Pokémon, a Gengar, started things off by confusing Ash's Tauros with Confuse Ray, so Ash sent Lapras out in his place.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Drake recall their Pokémon, and with three of Drake's defeated, a field change ensues.	
Ash	person	43	 The commentator for the match remarks how Ash is the first Trainer to knock out three of Drake's Pokémon in a row.	
Ash	person	61	 In the stands, Team Rocket decide to capture Dragonite when Ash weakens it.	
Ash	person	83	After the field change into a sandy desert field, Drake calls out his Venusaur and Ash uses Tauros again, who has had his mind cleared from Gengar's Confuse Ray.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tries to start things off with a Fissure attack, but the attack doesn't work because the sand on the field absorbs the attack.	
Ash	person	57	 Hoping to cause damage before the SolarBeam is charged, Ash tells Tauros to use Take Down, but Tauros is unable to damage Venusaur due to all the sand on the field.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Tauros to send Venusaur flying.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash decides to let Tauros rest, and sends out Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	49	 Drake tells Electabuzz to use ThunderPunch, and Ash has Bulbasaur use Tackle.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash sends out Charizard.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Charizard to use Dragon Rage, and Drake commands Dragonite to do the same.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash recalls Charizard, thanking it for wearing Dragonite down.	
Ash	person	65	Knowing none of his Pokémon are on the same level as Dragonite, Ash decides they will have to work together to it take out.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Squirtle to use BubbleBeam, and the attack hits dead on, causing the Body Slam to fail; upon landing, Dragonite slams its tail into Squirtle hard, knocking it out.	
Ash	person	41	 Though Dragonite has knocked out two of Ash's Pokémon in a row, its energy is slowly being taken down.	
Ash	person	30	 With only two Pokémon left, Ash decides to send out Tauros against Dragonite.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash suddenly gets an idea and tells Tauros to take the hit, surprising Drake.	
Ash	person	11	Pikachu is Ash's last chance.	
Ash	person	56	 Dragonite tries to shake him off, but the battles with Ash's other Pokémon have left it quite exhausted.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Pikachu to use Thunder and Pikachu does so.	
Ash	person	132	 Dragonite and Pikachu are exhausted after the battle and, after a staring contest, Dragonite falls to the ground, finally defeated.Ash has won the match and is given the coveted Orange League Winner's Trophy by Drake.	
Ash	person	56	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Ash	person	105	 Drake congratulates him on a worthy victory, and tells Ash that he's a great Pokémon Trainer, to which Ash responds that it's because he has great Pokémon.	
Ash	person	34	 As well as receiving the trophy, Ash, Pikachu, Squirtle, Tauros, Lapras, Bulbasaur, and Charizard are given the honor of being inducted into the Orange League Hall of Fame.	
Ash	person	23	 The episode ends with Ash hoping to tell Brock about his win.	
