Misty's Poliwag	pokemon	53	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Pummelo Island	region	83	As Ash and his friends continue forward, Ash is still fascinated by his victory at Pummelo Island, staring at his trophy.	
Pokémon Center	building	13	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Orange Islands	region	59	 Flashbacks recount on Lapras participating throughout the Orange Islands.	
Tarroco Island	region	32	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Ash's Pikachu	pokemon	47	 The captain orders all of them to attack, but Ash's Pikachu attacks with ThunderShock.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny comes up and connects it to pirate poachers in the vicinity led by Captain Crook, firing at the Lapras and attempting to catch them in a no-capture zone.	
Officer Jenny	person	8	 Before Officer Jenny can pull up their files, Team Rocket flees.	
Officer Jenny	person	54	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.	
Officer Jenny	person	1	 Officer Jenny arrives in a patrol boat, taking the pirates and Team Rocket into custody.	
Captain Crook	person	82	 Officer Jenny comes up and connects it to pirate poachers in the vicinity led by Captain Crook, firing at the Lapras and attempting to catch them in a no-capture zone.	
Captain Crook	person	11	 On board, Captain Crook sets his plan to catch them into motion.	
Captain Crook	person	77	 Misty realizes the pirates are merely using the Tentacruel to bully them as Captain Crook even verbally degrades the Tentacruel.	
Professor Oak	person	61	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Poison Sting	move	18	 They attack with Poison Sting, but the lead Lapras uses Water Gun to block.	
ThunderShock	move	74	 The captain orders all of them to attack, but Ash's Pikachu attacks with ThunderShock.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	94	 The Tentacruel break off to attack Ash as the pirates confront them, firing cannon rounds at Ash's Lapras.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	1	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	110	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Ash's Lapras	pokemon	1	 Ash's Lapras rejoins the school as they head off into the sunset.	
Team Rocket	group	29	 Ash is furious and believes Team Rocket is behind it.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Before Officer Jenny can pull up their files, Team Rocket flees.	
Team Rocket	group	106	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.Team Rocket follows in their Magikarp submarine as the Tentacruel surround the school.	
Team Rocket	group	85	 The Tentacruel begin to catch up with Ash’s Lapras, unintentionally crashing into Team Rocket’s submarine and sending them blasting off.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 Officer Jenny arrives in a patrol boat, taking the pirates and Team Rocket into custody.	
Supersonic	person	70	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	27	 The balls release several Tentacruel to surround the group.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	25	 The pirates deploy more Tentacruel to cut them off as Ash’s group finds the Lapras under attack.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	49	 Misty realizes the pirates are merely using the Tentacruel to bully them as Captain Crook even verbally degrades the Tentacruel.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	118	 Misty realizes the pirates are merely using the Tentacruel to bully them as Captain Crook even verbally degrades the Tentacruel.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	55	Team Rocket follows in their Magikarp submarine as the Tentacruel surround the school.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	5	 The Tentacruel break off to attack Ash as the pirates confront them, firing cannon rounds at Ash's Lapras.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	16	 Ash taunts the Tentacruel, but it fails to distract them.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	79	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	5	 The Tentacruel begin to catch up with Ash’s Lapras, unintentionally crashing into Team Rocket’s submarine and sending them blasting off.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	5	 The Tentacruel surround Ash and Lapras.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	38	 Misty orders the captain to call the Tentacruel, but he refuses.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	37	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	9	 All the Tentacruel fire, crippling Ash, Pikachu, and Lapras.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	88	 The lead rushes forward to attack, but the school of Lapras comes to aid, freezing the Tentacruel with Ice Beam, sending them plummeting underwater.	
Tentacruel	pokemon	20	 Misty releases the Tentacruel while Ash and Lapras share one last moment before it rejoins the school.	
Water Gun	move	32	 One of the Lapras attacks with Water Gun before using Mist to cover their escape.	
Water Gun	move	57	 They attack with Poison Sting, but the lead Lapras uses Water Gun to block.	
Water Gun	move	34	 Misty leads the Pokémon to fire Water Gun at the ship, destroying the cannons and masts, as well as putting holes into the ship.	
Water Gun	move	103	 The pirates ran out of cannonballs, so the captain fires Scuz at them, but the Pokémon stop him with Water Gun.	
Water Gun	move	20	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Water Gun	move	22	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Ice Beam	move	104	 The lead rushes forward to attack, but the school of Lapras comes to aid, freezing the Tentacruel with Ice Beam, sending them plummeting underwater.	
Magikarp	pokemon	29	Team Rocket follows in their Magikarp submarine as the Tentacruel surround the school.	
Squirtle	pokemon	36	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Goldeen	pokemon	70	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Pummelo	region	83	As Ash and his friends continue forward, Ash is still fascinated by his victory at Pummelo Island, staring at his trophy.	
Poliwag	pokemon	61	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	53	 The captain orders all of them to attack, but Ash's Pikachu attacks with ThunderShock.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 All the Tentacruel fire, crippling Ash, Pikachu, and Lapras.	
Tarroco	region	32	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	13	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Pokémon	pokemon	17	 Misty leads the Pokémon to fire Water Gun at the ship, destroying the cannons and masts, as well as putting holes into the ship.	
Pokémon	pokemon	34	 Crook barks at them as the Water Pokémon fire at once, knocking him back.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 The pirates ran out of cannonballs, so the captain fires Scuz at them, but the Pokémon stop him with Water Gun.	
Marill	pokemon	16	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras suddenly senses something and makes a quick turn, swimming faster and demonstrating excitement.	
Lapras	pokemon	29	 The group spots a school of Lapras ahead.	
Lapras	pokemon	89	 While Tracey sketches them, Misty brings up the possibility that this school is the one Lapras belongs to.	
Lapras	pokemon	42	 A flashback occurs to when Ash first met Lapras and how the group came together to reunite the infant Lapras with its group.	
Lapras	pokemon	103	 A flashback occurs to when Ash first met Lapras and how the group came together to reunite the infant Lapras with its group.	
Lapras	pokemon	2	  Lapras approaches the school and calls, but everyone ignores Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	63	  Lapras approaches the school and calls, but everyone ignores Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	12	 One of the Lapras, a teal-colored one, tries to return the call, but the others push it away.	
Lapras	pokemon	12	 One of the Lapras attacks with Water Gun before using Mist to cover their escape.	
Lapras	pokemon	33	 The group is stunned at why the Lapras attack as Ash’s Lapras cries out.	
Lapras	pokemon	58	 The group is stunned at why the Lapras attack as Ash’s Lapras cries out.	
Lapras	pokemon	25	 Oak explains that those Lapras may be scared of humans due to a previous attack.	
Lapras	pokemon	111	 Officer Jenny comes up and connects it to pirate poachers in the vicinity led by Captain Crook, firing at the Lapras and attempting to catch them in a no-capture zone.	
Lapras	pokemon	22	Nearby, the school of Lapras moves on as the teal-colored Lapras looks out.	
Lapras	pokemon	58	Nearby, the school of Lapras moves on as the teal-colored Lapras looks out.	
Lapras	pokemon	30	 A pirate ship approaches the Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	45	 They attack with Poison Sting, but the lead Lapras uses Water Gun to block.	
Lapras	pokemon	79	 The pirates deploy more Tentacruel to cut them off as Ash’s group finds the Lapras under attack.	
Lapras	pokemon	37	 It does stop them, but it hurts the Lapras as well as Ash’s group since water conducts electricity.	
Lapras	pokemon	100	 The Tentacruel break off to attack Ash as the pirates confront them, firing cannon rounds at Ash's Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	7	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Lapras	pokemon	116	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Lapras	pokemon	47	 The Tentacruel begin to catch up with Ash’s Lapras, unintentionally crashing into Team Rocket’s submarine and sending them blasting off.	
Lapras	pokemon	33	 The Tentacruel surround Ash and Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	9	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Lapras	pokemon	54	 All the Tentacruel fire, crippling Ash, Pikachu, and Lapras.	
Lapras	pokemon	54	 The lead rushes forward to attack, but the school of Lapras comes to aid, freezing the Tentacruel with Ice Beam, sending them plummeting underwater.	
Lapras	pokemon	35	 The school approaches and Ash’s Lapras meets with the teal one, revealed to be the mother.	
Lapras	pokemon	45	 Misty releases the Tentacruel while Ash and Lapras share one last moment before it rejoins the school.	
Lapras	pokemon	23	 Flashbacks recount on Lapras participating throughout the Orange Islands.	
Lapras	pokemon	1	 Lapras dives underwater and comes under Ash, allowing him to get back onto the ship.	
Lapras	pokemon	7	 Ash's Lapras rejoins the school as they head off into the sunset.	
Jessie	person	10	 However, Jessie and James are in the building recovering from attacks inflicted by the poachers.	
Tracey	person	7	 While Tracey sketches them, Misty brings up the possibility that this school is the one Lapras belongs to.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.	
Staryu	pokemon	82	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
James	person	21	 However, Jessie and James are in the building recovering from attacks inflicted by the poachers.	
Misty	person	29	 While Tracey sketches them, Misty brings up the possibility that this school is the one Lapras belongs to.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty realizes the pirates are merely using the Tentacruel to bully them as Captain Crook even verbally degrades the Tentacruel.	
Misty	person	82	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.	
Misty	person	53	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty leads the Pokémon to fire Water Gun at the ship, destroying the cannons and masts, as well as putting holes into the ship.	
Misty	person	12	 Meanwhile, Misty has the ship under control with the crew bound.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty orders the captain to call the Tentacruel, but he refuses.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty releases the Tentacruel while Ash and Lapras share one last moment before it rejoins the school.	
Water	type	32	 One of the Lapras attacks with Water Gun before using Mist to cover their escape.	
Water	type	57	 They attack with Poison Sting, but the lead Lapras uses Water Gun to block.	
Water	type	34	 Misty leads the Pokémon to fire Water Gun at the ship, destroying the cannons and masts, as well as putting holes into the ship.	
Water	type	28	 Crook barks at them as the Water Pokémon fire at once, knocking him back.	
Water	type	103	 The pirates ran out of cannonballs, so the captain fires Scuz at them, but the Pokémon stop him with Water Gun.	
Water	type	20	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Water	type	22	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Mist	move	55	 One of the Lapras attacks with Water Gun before using Mist to cover their escape.	
Poké	item	43	 The pirate ship fires cannons loaded with Poké Balls instead of cannonballs.	
Scuz	person	58	 The pirates ran out of cannonballs, so the captain fires Scuz at them, but the Pokémon stop him with Water Gun.	
Ash	person	3	As Ash and his friends continue forward, Ash is still fascinated by his victory at Pummelo Island, staring at his trophy.	
Ash	person	41	As Ash and his friends continue forward, Ash is still fascinated by his victory at Pummelo Island, staring at his trophy.	
Ash	person	28	 A flashback occurs to when Ash first met Lapras and how the group came together to reunite the infant Lapras with its group.	
Ash	person	50	 The group is stunned at why the Lapras attack as Ash’s Lapras cries out.	
Ash	person	48	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is furious and believes Team Rocket is behind it.	
Ash	person	55	 The pirates deploy more Tentacruel to cut them off as Ash’s group finds the Lapras under attack.	
Ash	person	74	 Tracey and his Marill head back to the island to get Officer Jenny while Ash and Misty race to intercept.	
Ash	person	47	 The captain orders all of them to attack, but Ash's Pikachu attacks with ThunderShock.	
Ash	person	55	 It does stop them, but it hurts the Lapras as well as Ash’s group since water conducts electricity.	
Ash	person	36	 The Tentacruel break off to attack Ash as the pirates confront them, firing cannon rounds at Ash's Lapras.	
Ash	person	94	 The Tentacruel break off to attack Ash as the pirates confront them, firing cannon rounds at Ash's Lapras.	
Ash	person	22	 It dodges quickly as Ash sends out Squirtle to join Misty's Poliwag, Goldeen and Staryu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash taunts the Tentacruel, but it fails to distract them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Ash	person	110	 Ash's Lapras fires Water Gun at the leader, making it angry and prompting the Tentacruel to continue chasing Ash's Lapras, allowing the school to flee.	
Ash	person	39	 The Tentacruel begin to catch up with Ash’s Lapras, unintentionally crashing into Team Rocket’s submarine and sending them blasting off.	
Ash	person	25	 The Tentacruel surround Ash and Lapras.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash’s Lapras fires Water Gun at a Tentacruel as the captain orders Supersonic attacks.	
Ash	person	36	 All the Tentacruel fire, crippling Ash, Pikachu, and Lapras.	
Ash	person	27	 The school approaches and Ash’s Lapras meets with the teal one, revealed to be the mother.	
Ash	person	37	 Misty releases the Tentacruel while Ash and Lapras share one last moment before it rejoins the school.	
Ash	person	41	 Lapras dives underwater and comes under Ash, allowing him to get back onto the ship.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash's Lapras rejoins the school as they head off into the sunset.	
Oak	person	71	 At a nearby Pokémon Center on Tarroco Island, Ash talks to Professor Oak over a videophone.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak explains that those Lapras may be scared of humans due to a previous attack.	
