Hamlin Island	region	33	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive on Hamlin Island after releasing Lapras back into the wild.	
Professor Oak	person	44	' Tracey says he can't wait to finally meet Professor Oak and Misty remarks that Prof.	
Pallet Town	settlement	100	 As luck would have it, a ferry line happens to run from Hamlin straight back to Ash's home town of Pallet Town.	
Pallet Town	settlement	117	 The ferry service is running again so Ash, Misty and Tracey say their goodbyes to Poncho before boarding it back to Pallet Town.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket appear and spout their motto.	
Team Rocket	group	16	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket begin picking up the exploded Electrode and put them in a container on the machine.	
Team Rocket	group	37	The heroes can't do anything to stop Team Rocket as they have a contract from the mayor giving them the right to remove the Electrode however they want.Team Rocket gleefully continue exploding the Electrode and putting them in the container.	
Team Rocket	group	152	The heroes can't do anything to stop Team Rocket as they have a contract from the mayor giving them the right to remove the Electrode however they want.Team Rocket gleefully continue exploding the Electrode and putting them in the container.	
Team Rocket	group	112	Electrode from all over the island make their way over to see what the commotion is and surround the machine of Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	64	 The friendly Voltorb hops over to the front of the machine and Team Rocket decide to blow it up.	
Team Rocket	group	47	 Pikachu Thunderbolts the machine but as usual Team Rocket have shock-proofed the machine.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket advance on Togepi, Pikachu and Voltorb.	
Team Rocket	group	14	 Poncho calls Team Rocket a disgrace to the Electrode wrangling profession and pulls out a Poké Ball from under his hat.	
Team Rocket	group	43	 Dugtrio creates a massive hole underneath Team Rocket which the machine falls into sending them deep into the ground.	
Team Rocket	group	113	 The Diglett begin digging under the Electrode and cause them to roll into the tunnel Poncho created underground.Team Rocket are sitting, moping about their defeat when the stampede of Electrode head straight towards them.	
Team Rocket	group	21	 The Electrode sweep Team Rocket along with them as the Diglett act as a conveyor belt to move the Electrode back above ground.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	52	 While they wave goodbye from the ferry, a familiar Jigglypuff appears, delighted to have a potential audience.	
Explosion	move	37	 Just as he finishes speaking a huge Explosion blows apart the middle of the bridge.	
Metronome	move	78	 Togepi begins waving its arms before they start glowing blue in an attempted Metronome attack.	
Electrode	pokemon	52	 Ash again checks his Pokédex which gives data for Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	60	 Ash and friends become worried when the Pokédex refers to Electrode as the 'Bomb Ball'.	
Electrode	pokemon	5	 The Electrode begin rolling into view, all sparking with electricity.	
Electrode	pokemon	145	 Misty picks up Togepi, Voltorb in hand and the group begin to slowly walk back through the streets where they are greeted by even more sparking Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	62	 A gust of wind knocks over a wooden sign, which startles the Electrode who begin to light up.	
Electrode	pokemon	62	 The heroes start sprinting away from them; however the first Electrode causes a chain reaction of explosions.	
Electrode	pokemon	106	 The screaming group manage to stay ahead of the explosions before they are faced with a wall of sparking Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	55	 The mystery Trainer then tells the Diglett to dig the Electrode underground.	
Electrode	pokemon	36	 The Diglett create holes under the Electrode who safely explode underground.	
Electrode	pokemon	77	 Soon after escaping the Voltorb began to multiply, and quickly evolved into Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	5	 The Electrode became so numerous that they outnumbered the people on the island.	
Electrode	pokemon	30	 The lack of space caused the Electrode to become irritated, and they started exploding causing mayhem on the island.	
Electrode	pokemon	124	 The man laughs it off and introduces himself as Poncho, a Diglett Rancher hired by the mayor of the town to get rid of the Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	25	 His plan is to have the Electrode roll from the island to the prairie, making the island safe once again and giving the Electrode freedom.	
Electrode	pokemon	121	 His plan is to have the Electrode roll from the island to the prairie, making the island safe once again and giving the Electrode freedom.	
Electrode	pokemon	83	 Poncho is told that he is no longer required, because the mayor's office want the Electrode gone today and his methods are taking too long.	
Electrode	pokemon	89	 Poncho tells the crew that the mayor has already hired someone else to take care of the Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	59	 They tell the heroes that the mayor hired them and their 'Electrode Eliminator' machine to remove the Electrode quickly.	
Electrode	pokemon	103	 They tell the heroes that the mayor hired them and their 'Electrode Eliminator' machine to remove the Electrode quickly.	
Electrode	pokemon	58	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
Electrode	pokemon	165	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
Electrode	pokemon	50	 They retreat to the machine and race off to some Electrode.	
Electrode	pokemon	40	 The machine's arms put pressure on the Electrode and force them to explode.	
Electrode	pokemon	43	 Team Rocket begin picking up the exploded Electrode and put them in a container on the machine.	
Electrode	pokemon	124	The heroes can't do anything to stop Team Rocket as they have a contract from the mayor giving them the right to remove the Electrode however they want.	
Electrode	pokemon	45	Team Rocket gleefully continue exploding the Electrode and putting them in the container.Electrode from all over the island make their way over to see what the commotion is and surround the machine of Team Rocket.	
Electrode	pokemon	89	Team Rocket gleefully continue exploding the Electrode and putting them in the container.Electrode from all over the island make their way over to see what the commotion is and surround the machine of Team Rocket.	
Electrode	pokemon	23	 Poncho notes that the Electrode are extremely angry and Tracey points out that the condensed explosion of the huge number of Electrode could destroy the entire island.	
Electrode	pokemon	126	 Poncho notes that the Electrode are extremely angry and Tracey points out that the condensed explosion of the huge number of Electrode could destroy the entire island.	
Electrode	pokemon	44	 Poncho calls Team Rocket a disgrace to the Electrode wrangling profession and pulls out a Poké Ball from under his hat.	
Electrode	pokemon	37	 The Diglett begin digging under the Electrode and cause them to roll into the tunnel Poncho created underground.	
Electrode	pokemon	72	Team Rocket are sitting, moping about their defeat when the stampede of Electrode head straight towards them.	
Electrode	pokemon	5	 The Electrode sweep Team Rocket along with them as the Diglett act as a conveyor belt to move the Electrode back above ground.	
Electrode	pokemon	99	 The Electrode sweep Team Rocket along with them as the Diglett act as a conveyor belt to move the Electrode back above ground.	
Electrode	pokemon	26	 Dugtrio leads all of the Electrode out to the grassy prairie where they jump around happily.	
Electrode	pokemon	92	 Poncho takes the heroes to the prairie in his Diglett hot-air balloon where they watch the Electrode enjoying themselves.	
Electrode	pokemon	149	 Misty tells Togepi that you can still be friends with someone in your heart, even if they aren't with you and the Voltorb rushes off to be with its Electrode friends.	
Poké Ball	item	91	 Poncho calls Team Rocket a disgrace to the Electrode wrangling profession and pulls out a Poké Ball from under his hat.	
Poké Ball	item	13	Out from the Poké Ball comes a Dugtrio.	
Diglett	pokemon	92	 A bearded man wearing a coat and a cowboy hat throws out several Poké Balls which release Diglett everywhere.	
Diglett	pokemon	14	 Ash looks up Diglett on his Pokédex and finds out that they dig tunnels under the surface.	
Diglett	pokemon	36	 The mystery Trainer then tells the Diglett to dig the Electrode underground.	
Diglett	pokemon	5	 The Diglett create holes under the Electrode who safely explode underground.	
Diglett	pokemon	59	 The man laughs it off and introduces himself as Poncho, a Diglett Rancher hired by the mayor of the town to get rid of the Electrode.	
Diglett	pokemon	39	 He tells the group that he trains his Diglett to dig a large tunnel from under the small island all the way to a prairie behind the city on Hamlin.	
Diglett	pokemon	83	 Poncho tells the group that the job is only half finished and releases all of his Diglett once more.	
Diglett	pokemon	5	 The Diglett begin digging under the Electrode and cause them to roll into the tunnel Poncho created underground.	
Diglett	pokemon	56	 The Electrode sweep Team Rocket along with them as the Diglett act as a conveyor belt to move the Electrode back above ground.	
Diglett	pokemon	47	 Poncho takes the heroes to the prairie in his Diglett hot-air balloon where they watch the Electrode enjoying themselves.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	32	Out from the Poké Ball comes a Dugtrio.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	44	 Again Ash checks his Pokédex and looks up Dugtrio's data.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	1	 Dugtrio creates a massive hole underneath Team Rocket which the machine falls into sending them deep into the ground.	
Dugtrio	pokemon	1	 Dugtrio leads all of the Electrode out to the grassy prairie where they jump around happily.	
GS Ball	item	73	 Oak probably is excited for when the day comes that the three bring the GS Ball to him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	43	 Togepi runs out to assist the Voltorb and Pikachu runs to Togepi's side.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu Thunderbolts the machine but as usual Team Rocket have shock-proofed the machine.	
Pikachu	pokemon	32	 Team Rocket advance on Togepi, Pikachu and Voltorb.	
Pikachu	pokemon	41	 The episode ends with the three heroes, Pikachu and Togepi all looking on to the horizon.	
Voltorb	pokemon	52	 As it walks out the door it comes across a playful Voltorb who rolls away.	
Voltorb	pokemon	43	 Seeing it as a game Togepi runs after the Voltorb.	
Voltorb	pokemon	117	 They run out of the building calling for Togepi, running straight past an alley here Togepi is walking on a rolling Voltorb.	
Voltorb	pokemon	29	 Ash checks his Pokédex for Voltorb's data.	
Voltorb	pokemon	44	 The trio is shocked when Dexter tells them Voltorb may explode without warning, as Togepi is standing right on top of one.	
Voltorb	pokemon	56	 Misty attempts to pull Togepi off but Togepi picks the Voltorb up with it.	
Voltorb	pokemon	24	 Misty picks up Togepi, Voltorb in hand and the group begin to slowly walk back through the streets where they are greeted by even more sparking Electrode.	
Voltorb	pokemon	61	Back at another building, Togepi continues to roll around on Voltorb while the group sit with the stranger around a table.	
Voltorb	pokemon	100	 The man tells the heroes that the island used to be filled with people and tourists, but one day a Voltorb managed to escape from a Pokémon electricity experiment.	
Voltorb	pokemon	25	 Soon after escaping the Voltorb began to multiply, and quickly evolved into Electrode.	
Voltorb	pokemon	14	 The friendly Voltorb hops over to the front of the machine and Team Rocket decide to blow it up.	
Voltorb	pokemon	42	James is having trouble hitting the rogue Voltorb and Jessie and Meowth give him a verbal spray.	
Voltorb	pokemon	58	 Despite his best efforts James cannot manage to stop the Voltorb.	
Voltorb	pokemon	31	 Togepi runs out to assist the Voltorb and Pikachu runs to Togepi's side.	
Voltorb	pokemon	44	 Team Rocket advance on Togepi, Pikachu and Voltorb.	
Voltorb	pokemon	14	 The friendly Voltorb goes to rejoin its friends and is followed by Togepi who starts crying when it must say goodbye.	
Voltorb	pokemon	115	 Misty tells Togepi that you can still be friends with someone in your heart, even if they aren't with you and the Voltorb rushes off to be with its Electrode friends.	
Trainer	person	13	 The mystery Trainer then tells the Diglett to dig the Electrode underground.	
Pokémon	pokemon	133	 The man tells the heroes that the island used to be filled with people and tourists, but one day a Voltorb managed to escape from a Pokémon electricity experiment.	
Pokédex	item	16	 Ash checks his Pokédex for Voltorb's data.	
Pokédex	item	22	 Ash again checks his Pokédex which gives data for Electrode.	
Pokédex	item	41	 Ash and friends become worried when the Pokédex refers to Electrode as the 'Bomb Ball'.	
Pokédex	item	29	 Ash looks up Diglett on his Pokédex and finds out that they dig tunnels under the surface.	
Pokédex	item	22	 Again Ash checks his Pokédex and looks up Dugtrio's data.	
Lapras	pokemon	63	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive on Hamlin Island after releasing Lapras back into the wild.	
Dexter	item	26	 The trio is shocked when Dexter tells them Voltorb may explode without warning, as Togepi is standing right on top of one.	
Poncho	person	49	 The man laughs it off and introduces himself as Poncho, a Diglett Rancher hired by the mayor of the town to get rid of the Electrode.	
Poncho	person	7	 After Poncho finishes his story a phone rings and is answered by Misty.	
Poncho	person	50	 It's someone from the mayor's office looking for Poncho.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho is told that he is no longer required, because the mayor's office want the Electrode gone today and his methods are taking too long.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho tells the crew that the mayor has already hired someone else to take care of the Electrode.	
Poncho	person	43	A machine underwater approaches the island.Poncho tells the group that they probably hired whoever promised to do it the quickest.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho notes that the Electrode are extremely angry and Tracey points out that the condensed explosion of the huge number of Electrode could destroy the entire island.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho calls Team Rocket a disgrace to the Electrode wrangling profession and pulls out a Poké Ball from under his hat.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho tells the group that the job is only half finished and releases all of his Diglett once more.	
Poncho	person	86	 The Diglett begin digging under the Electrode and cause them to roll into the tunnel Poncho created underground.	
Poncho	person	1	 Poncho takes the heroes to the prairie in his Diglett hot-air balloon where they watch the Electrode enjoying themselves.	
Poncho	person	83	 The ferry service is running again so Ash, Misty and Tracey say their goodbyes to Poncho before boarding it back to Pallet Town.	
Jessie	person	69	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
Jessie	person	54	James is having trouble hitting the rogue Voltorb and Jessie and Meowth give him a verbal spray.	
Meowth	pokemon	65	James is having trouble hitting the rogue Voltorb and Jessie and Meowth give him a verbal spray.	
Splash	move	48	 Togepi begins hopping up and down performing a Splash and Misty thinks that it may be trying an attack.	
Tracey	person	16	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive on Hamlin Island after releasing Lapras back into the wild.	
Tracey	person	2	' Tracey says he can't wait to finally meet Professor Oak and Misty remarks that Prof.	
Tracey	person	64	' With no other way to get to the ferry dock on the other side, Tracey suggests they cross it anyway.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey checks things out with his binoculars and remarks that it appears as though there are no people in the town.	
Tracey	person	58	 Togepi wanders out of the building whilst Ash, Misty and Tracey are pondering how they'll get back to Pallet.	
Tracey	person	76	 Ash tells Misty that he feels as though they're not alone in the alley and Tracey agrees.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey asks why the man is still on the island and Ash suspects he may be a thief.	
Tracey	person	57	 Poncho notes that the Electrode are extremely angry and Tracey points out that the condensed explosion of the huge number of Electrode could destroy the entire island.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey and Ash brush it off and say Togepi is too young to know any moves.	
Tracey	person	54	 The ferry service is running again so Ash, Misty and Tracey say their goodbyes to Poncho before boarding it back to Pallet Town.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi feels a presence but the heroes don't notice.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi wanders out of the building whilst Ash, Misty and Tracey are pondering how they'll get back to Pallet.	
Togepi	pokemon	21	 Seeing it as a game Togepi runs after the Voltorb.	
Togepi	pokemon	43	 walk out of the building, Misty sees that Togepi is not where she left it.	
Togepi	pokemon	42	 They run out of the building calling for Togepi, running straight past an alley here Togepi is walking on a rolling Voltorb.	
Togepi	pokemon	86	 They run out of the building calling for Togepi, running straight past an alley here Togepi is walking on a rolling Voltorb.	
Togepi	pokemon	44	 The three backtrack quickly when they hear Togepi's voice and gaze in amazement of the scene.	
Togepi	pokemon	84	 The trio is shocked when Dexter tells them Voltorb may explode without warning, as Togepi is standing right on top of one.	
Togepi	pokemon	24	 Misty attempts to pull Togepi off but Togepi picks the Voltorb up with it.	
Togepi	pokemon	39	 Misty attempts to pull Togepi off but Togepi picks the Voltorb up with it.	
Togepi	pokemon	16	 Misty picks up Togepi, Voltorb in hand and the group begin to slowly walk back through the streets where they are greeted by even more sparking Electrode.	
Togepi	pokemon	26	Back at another building, Togepi continues to roll around on Voltorb while the group sit with the stranger around a table.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi begins waving its arms before they start glowing blue in an attempted Metronome attack.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi begins hopping up and down performing a Splash and Misty thinks that it may be trying an attack.	
Togepi	pokemon	37	 Tracey and Ash brush it off and say Togepi is too young to know any moves.	
Togepi	pokemon	1	 Togepi runs out to assist the Voltorb and Pikachu runs to Togepi's side.	
Togepi	pokemon	59	 Togepi runs out to assist the Voltorb and Pikachu runs to Togepi's side.	
Togepi	pokemon	24	 Team Rocket advance on Togepi, Pikachu and Voltorb.	
Togepi	pokemon	68	 The friendly Voltorb goes to rejoin its friends and is followed by Togepi who starts crying when it must say goodbye.	
Togepi	pokemon	13	 Misty tells Togepi that you can still be friends with someone in your heart, even if they aren't with you and the Voltorb rushes off to be with its Electrode friends.	
Togepi	pokemon	53	 The episode ends with the three heroes, Pikachu and Togepi all looking on to the horizon.	
James	person	80	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
James	person	75	 Tracey and Ash brush it off and say Togepi is too young to know any moves.James is having trouble hitting the rogue Voltorb and Jessie and Meowth give him a verbal spray.	
James	person	26	 Despite his best efforts James cannot manage to stop the Voltorb.	
Misty	person	5	Ash, Misty, and Tracey arrive on Hamlin Island after releasing Lapras back into the wild.	
Misty	person	62	' Tracey says he can't wait to finally meet Professor Oak and Misty remarks that Prof.	
Misty	person	48	 Togepi wanders out of the building whilst Ash, Misty and Tracey are pondering how they'll get back to Pallet.	
Misty	person	3	As Misty and co.	
Misty	person	27	 walk out of the building, Misty sees that Togepi is not where she left it.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty attempts to pull Togepi off but Togepi picks the Voltorb up with it.	
Misty	person	11	 Ash tells Misty that he feels as though they're not alone in the alley and Tracey agrees.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty looks up where dozens of ball-shaped silhouettes are hiding behind corners.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty picks up Togepi, Voltorb in hand and the group begin to slowly walk back through the streets where they are greeted by even more sparking Electrode.	
Misty	person	66	 After Poncho finishes his story a phone rings and is answered by Misty.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty asks why Team Rocket would want to help remove the Electrode, Jessie and James tell them that they are getting paid well and they are planning on keeping the Electrode that they move.	
Misty	person	59	 Togepi begins hopping up and down performing a Splash and Misty thinks that it may be trying an attack.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty tells Togepi that you can still be friends with someone in your heart, even if they aren't with you and the Voltorb rushes off to be with its Electrode friends.	
Misty	person	44	 The ferry service is running again so Ash, Misty and Tracey say their goodbyes to Poncho before boarding it back to Pallet Town.	
Poké	item	66	 A bearded man wearing a coat and a cowboy hat throws out several Poké Balls which release Diglett everywhere.	
Poké	item	91	 Poncho calls Team Rocket a disgrace to the Electrode wrangling profession and pulls out a Poké Ball from under his hat.	
Poké	item	13	Out from the Poké Ball comes a Dugtrio.	
Ash	person	81	 As luck would have it, a ferry line happens to run from Hamlin straight back to Ash's home town of Pallet Town.	
Ash	person	26	On their way to the ferry Ash exclaims that he cannot wait to get back to Pallet to taste his mother's 'Deep Dish Chili Dog and Pizza Pot Pies.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash reads aloud a sign which says 'Due to extremely dangerous conditions, persons are forbidden to cross this bridge.	
Ash	person	43	 Togepi wanders out of the building whilst Ash, Misty and Tracey are pondering how they'll get back to Pallet.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash checks his Pokédex for Voltorb's data.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Misty that he feels as though they're not alone in the alley and Tracey agrees.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash again checks his Pokédex which gives data for Electrode.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and friends become worried when the Pokédex refers to Electrode as the 'Bomb Ball'.	
Ash	person	116	 The screaming group manage to stay ahead of the explosions before they are faced with a wall of sparking Electrode.Ash exclaims the hopelessness of the situation when from on top of a building a man's voice tells them not to move.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash looks up Diglett on his Pokédex and finds out that they dig tunnels under the surface.	
Ash	person	52	 Tracey asks why the man is still on the island and Ash suspects he may be a thief.	
Ash	person	12	 Tracey and Ash brush it off and say Togepi is too young to know any moves.	
Ash	person	7	 Again Ash checks his Pokédex and looks up Dugtrio's data.	
Ash	person	39	 The ferry service is running again so Ash, Misty and Tracey say their goodbyes to Poncho before boarding it back to Pallet Town.	
Oak	person	54	' Tracey says he can't wait to finally meet Professor Oak and Misty remarks that Prof.	
Oak	person	1	 Oak probably is excited for when the day comes that the three bring the GS Ball to him.	
