The Meowth Balloon	item	1	 The Meowth Balloon falls to the ground, releasing every Poké Ball in it.	
Valencia Island	region	66	 They are confused as to why Brock had left Professor Ivy back on Valencia Island.	
Meowth Balloon	item	5	 The Meowth Balloon falls to the ground, releasing every Poké Ball in it.	
Professor Ivy	person	44	 They are confused as to why Brock had left Professor Ivy back on Valencia Island.	
Professor Ivy	person	69	 He gives no reason as to why he left and when Ash and Misty mention Professor Ivy, Brock falls to the ground shivering saying "Don't mention that name.	
Professor Oak	person	162	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Professor Oak	person	51	Whilst discussing dinner, Tracey insists on seeing Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	48	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Professor Oak	person	57	 Ash is welcomed to the house by his Muk who is crushing Professor Oak under his weight.	
Professor Oak	person	47	 Tracey ignores the situation and asks to show Professor Oak his sketches.	
Professor Oak	person	10	Ash hands Professor Oak the GS Ball and he puts it away to examine it later.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak then shows them around the Laboratory.	
Professor Oak	person	50	 Tracey sketches every Pokémon he sees and shows Professor Oak his sketches.	
Professor Oak	person	59	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Super Sucker	item	3	 A Super Sucker then proceeds to suck in every Poké Ball that are in the Laboratory, including Tracey's Sketchbooks.	
Mrs. Ketchum	person	1	 Mrs. Ketchum arrives home and explains how Brock came here: She and Mimey found him on the ground in a grassland and took him home once she realizes who he was.	
Mrs. Ketchum	person	42	 Ash is reminded of the GS Ball and shows Mrs. Ketchum his trophy, which she suggests she could use as a dumbbell.	
Sleep Powder	move	34	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
PoisonPowder	move	80	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Pallet Town	settlement	64	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Team Rocket	group	80	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Team Rocket	group	16	Inside the net, Team Rocket are in and perform the motto while doing a circus act.	
Team Rocket	group	1	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Team Rocket	group	120	The mysterious man turns out to be Gary and the Nidoqueen attacks Lickitung by grabbing its tongue and swinging it into Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	50	 Gary tells his Nidoqueen to strike back, hurling Team Rocket into the air.	
Poison Gas	move	51	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Razor Leaf	move	27	 James tries his luck with Razor Leaf but it "just didn't cut it.	
Victreebel	pokemon	21	 James sends out his Victreebel, which again Muk hugs.	
Victreebel	pokemon	1	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Victreebel	pokemon	16	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
Jigglypuff	pokemon	11	 Meanwhile Jigglypuff appears and tries to go through the net though it can't.	
Laboratory	building	42	 Professor Oak then shows them around the Laboratory.	
Laboratory	building	70	 He is interrupted by Meowth activating a circus net that engulfs the Laboratory.	
Laboratory	building	74	 A Super Sucker then proceeds to suck in every Poké Ball that are in the Laboratory, including Tracey's Sketchbooks.	
Lickitung	pokemon	64	 They try to steal Pikachu, but Ash sends out his Muk to attack Lickitung.	
Lickitung	pokemon	17	 Muk ignores the Lickitung and goes on to hug Jessie.	
Lickitung	pokemon	1	 Lickitung slobbers all over Muk with its tongue but it does nothing.	
Lickitung	pokemon	66	The mysterious man turns out to be Gary and the Nidoqueen attacks Lickitung by grabbing its tongue and swinging it into Team Rocket.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	112	 The last ball sucked in is the GS Ball, but then a rip in the tent appears, caused by a mysterious man and his Nidoqueen.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	48	The mysterious man turns out to be Gary and the Nidoqueen attacks Lickitung by grabbing its tongue and swinging it into Team Rocket.	
Nidoqueen	pokemon	16	 Gary tells his Nidoqueen to strike back, hurling Team Rocket into the air.	
Poké Ball	item	47	 A Super Sucker then proceeds to suck in every Poké Ball that are in the Laboratory, including Tracey's Sketchbooks.	
Poké Ball	item	57	 The Meowth Balloon falls to the ground, releasing every Poké Ball in it.	
Bulbasaur	pokemon	30	 Ash switches to Squirtle and Bulbasaur.	
Ash's Muk	pokemon	29	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Squirtle	pokemon	17	 Ash switches to Squirtle and Bulbasaur.	
GS Ball	item	24	 Ash is reminded of the GS Ball and shows Mrs.	
GS Ball	item	28	Ash hands Professor Oak the GS Ball and he puts it away to examine it later.	
GS Ball	item	32	 The last ball sucked in is the GS Ball, but then a rip in the tent appears, caused by a mysterious man and his Nidoqueen.	
Ketchum	person	1	 Ketchum arrives home and explains how Brock came here: She and Mimey found him on the ground in a grassland and took him home once she realizes who he was.	
Ketchum	person	1	 Ketchum his trophy, which she suggests she could use as a dumbbell.	
Scratch	move	20	 Meowth tries using Scratch but it doesn't work, only breaking his claws.	
Pikachu	pokemon	5	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Pikachu	pokemon	19	 They try to steal Pikachu, but Ash sends out his Muk to attack Lickitung.	
Pikachu	pokemon	50	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Trainer	person	64	 Ash and Gary start a battle to prove who has become the better Trainer over the past months.	
Pokémon	pokemon	234	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Pokémon	pokemon	23	 Tracey sketches every Pokémon he sees and shows Professor Oak his sketches.	
Jessie	person	46	 Muk ignores the Lickitung and goes on to hug Jessie.	
Meowth	pokemon	22	 He is interrupted by Meowth activating a circus net that engulfs the Laboratory.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth asks again why Brock came back, though he doesn't give an answer.	
Meowth	pokemon	5	 The Meowth Balloon falls to the ground, releasing every Poké Ball in it.	
Meowth	pokemon	1	 Meowth tries using Scratch but it doesn't work, only breaking his claws.	
Tracey	person	40	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Tracey	person	121	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Tracey	person	26	Whilst discussing dinner, Tracey insists on seeing Professor Oak.	
Tracey	person	21	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey ignores the situation and asks to show Professor Oak his sketches.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey sketches every Pokémon he sees and shows Professor Oak his sketches.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey nervously awaits Oaks approval, though he whispers to Brock that he "hasn't seen all the sketches so far but.	
Tracey	person	84	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Tracey	person	96	 A Super Sucker then proceeds to suck in every Poké Ball that are in the Laboratory, including Tracey's Sketchbooks.	
Sleep	item	34	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
Brock	person	58	When Ash arrives home, Misty and Ash are surprised to see Brock waiting for them in the house.	
Brock	person	29	 They are confused as to why Brock had left Professor Ivy back on Valencia Island.	
Brock	person	84	 He gives no reason as to why he left and when Ash and Misty mention Professor Ivy, Brock falls to the ground shivering saying "Don't mention that name.	
Brock	person	39	 Ketchum arrives home and explains how Brock came here: She and Mimey found him on the ground in a grassland and took him home once she realizes who he was.	
Brock	person	12	 Since then Brock has been helping around the house, with Brock fighting over the chores with Mimey.	
Brock	person	58	 Since then Brock has been helping around the house, with Brock fighting over the chores with Mimey.	
Brock	person	32	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Brock	person	62	 Tracey nervously awaits Oaks approval, though he whispers to Brock that he "hasn't seen all the sketches so far but.	
Brock	person	74	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Brock	person	23	 Meowth asks again why Brock came back, though he doesn't give an answer.	
James	person	1	 James sends out his Victreebel, which again Muk hugs.	
James	person	1	 James tries his luck with Razor Leaf but it "just didn't cut it.	
James	person	1	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
Misty	person	29	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Misty	person	23	When Ash arrives home, Misty and Ash are surprised to see Brock waiting for them in the house.	
Misty	person	55	 He gives no reason as to why he left and when Ash and Misty mention Professor Ivy, Brock falls to the ground shivering saying "Don't mention that name.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty theorizes that she dumped him.	
Misty	person	14	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Misty	person	43	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Mimey	pokemon	64	 Ketchum arrives home and explains how Brock came here: She and Mimey found him on the ground in a grassland and took him home once she realizes who he was.	
Mimey	pokemon	94	 Since then Brock has been helping around the house, with Brock fighting over the chores with Mimey.	
Poké	item	47	 A Super Sucker then proceeds to suck in every Poké Ball that are in the Laboratory, including Tracey's Sketchbooks.	
Poké	item	57	 The Meowth Balloon falls to the ground, releasing every Poké Ball in it.	
Gary	person	35	The mysterious man turns out to be Gary and the Nidoqueen attacks Lickitung by grabbing its tongue and swinging it into Team Rocket.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary tells his Nidoqueen to strike back, hurling Team Rocket into the air.	
Gary	person	9	 Ash and Gary start a battle to prove who has become the better Trainer over the past months.	
Ash	person	24	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Ash	person	5	When Ash arrives home, Misty and Ash are surprised to see Brock waiting for them in the house.	
Ash	person	33	When Ash arrives home, Misty and Ash are surprised to see Brock waiting for them in the house.	
Ash	person	47	 He gives no reason as to why he left and when Ash and Misty mention Professor Ivy, Brock falls to the ground shivering saying "Don't mention that name.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is reminded of the GS Ball and shows Mrs.	
Ash	person	68	 Ketchum his trophy, which she suggests she could use as a dumbbell.Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash is welcomed to the house by his Muk who is crushing Professor Oak under his weight.	
Ash	person	74	 Tracey ignores the situation and asks to show Professor Oak his sketches.Ash hands Professor Oak the GS Ball and he puts it away to examine it later.	
Ash	person	32	 They try to steal Pikachu, but Ash sends out his Muk to attack Lickitung.	
Ash	person	29	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Ash	person	75	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash switches to Squirtle and Bulbasaur.	
Ash	person	38	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Gary start a battle to prove who has become the better Trainer over the past months.	
Oak	person	172	When the episode starts Ash, Misty, and Tracey are traveling to Pallet Town, they are all excited to be back, especially Tracey who is looking forward to meeting Professor Oak and can't wait to show him the many sketches he drew as a Pokémon watcher.	
Oak	person	61	Whilst discussing dinner, Tracey insists on seeing Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	58	Ash, Pikachu, Misty, Tracey and Brock travel to Professor Oak's laboratory with Team Rocket watching from a distance.	
Oak	person	67	 Ash is welcomed to the house by his Muk who is crushing Professor Oak under his weight.	
Oak	person	57	 Tracey ignores the situation and asks to show Professor Oak his sketches.	
Oak	person	20	Ash hands Professor Oak the GS Ball and he puts it away to examine it later.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak then shows them around the Laboratory.	
Oak	person	60	 Tracey sketches every Pokémon he sees and shows Professor Oak his sketches.	
Oak	person	69	 Team Rocket then throws rings around Ash, Misty, Pikachu, Professor Oak, Brock and Tracey which stops them from moving.	
Muk	pokemon	37	 Ash is welcomed to the house by his Muk who is crushing Professor Oak under his weight.	
Muk	pokemon	50	 They try to steal Pikachu, but Ash sends out his Muk to attack Lickitung.	
Muk	pokemon	1	 Muk ignores the Lickitung and goes on to hug Jessie.	
Muk	pokemon	45	 James sends out his Victreebel, which again Muk hugs.	
Muk	pokemon	35	 Victreebel tries to swallow Ash's Muk but it uses Poison Gas before it can use PoisonPowder.	
Muk	pokemon	29	 Lickitung slobbers all over Muk with its tongue but it does nothing.	
Muk	pokemon	50	 James commands Victreebel to use Sleep Powder on Muk which works, much to Ash's surprise.	
