Professor Oak's Laboratory	building	3	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Professor Oak's Laboratory	building	16	 Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group.	
Tracey's Scyther	pokemon	118	 Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther.	
Pokémon Master	person	96	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Pokémon Master	person	32	 Ash says that he will become a Pokémon Master, and just has to start training as hard as he can.	
Pokémon League	group	112	 Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League.	
Professor Ivy	person	181	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Professor Ivy	person	104	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Professor Ivy	person	242	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Professor Ivy	person	173	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.	
Orange League	region	140	 Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League.	
Orange League	region	48	 Misty affirms this, adding that ever since the Orange League Ash has been getting a little lazy.	
Professor Oak	person	220	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	117	A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines.	
Professor Oak	person	57	 Misty comments that at least they tried their best, and Professor Oak nods knowingly in agreement.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak walks over to Gary, stating that it looks like all the training he has been doing has paid off, claiming that he is very impressed with Gary’s progress.	
Professor Oak	person	3	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Professor Oak	person	31	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Professor Oak	person	16	 Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult.	
Professor Oak	person	37	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	94	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak confirms this, adding that it is the reason Gary has been training so hard lately.	
Professor Oak	person	40	 Misty walks up the stairs, and asks if Professor Oak has been able to figure out anything about the GS Ball yet.	
Professor Oak	person	83	 Tracey states nothing so far, and the images of boxes of question marks appear on Professor Oak's computer monitor.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Professor Oak	person	187	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak responds that it a very challenging League, and that Trainers have to compete and win battles and Badges, at a number of Gyms in the western territories to qualify in the championship.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak continues to say that Gary is planning to battle as many other Trainers as he can, in the hopes that with all the experience he gets, he will become an even stronger Trainer.	
Professor Oak	person	16	 Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it.	
Professor Oak	person	226	 He explains that in a town in Johto there lives a man called Kurt, who is famous for designing special types of Poke Balls, and that if there is anyone who would know anything about what's inside the GS Ball, it would be him.Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
Professor Oak	person	45	 She mentions that she was on the phone with Professor Oak and heard that Ash was leaving, so she's going to be cooking up a big dinner for him and his friends.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Professor Oak	person	83	Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself.	
Professor Oak	person	62	 Ash asks what he means by this, to which Tracey replies that Professor Oak is going to let him be his assistant at the lab.	
Professor Oak	person	1	 Professor Oak affirms this, saying that as soon as he met Tracey, he knew he wanted to be his assistant, but it took a while for him to get up the nerve to ask.	
ThunderShock	move	26	 Ash tells Pikachu to use ThunderShock attack to blow his enclosure to pieces.	
ThunderShock	move	18	 Pikachu released ThunderShock, but it is unsuccessful as James explains it is rubber-reinforced.	
Quick Attack	move	103	 Ash fervently exclaims that he is there to beat him, starting the battle by commanding Pikachu to use Quick Attack.	
Quick Attack	move	97	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Johto League	region	175	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Johto League	region	31	 Ash, quizzical, asks what the Johto League is.	
Johto League	region	174	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Johto League	region	157	Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
Johto League	region	52	 Ash then proclaims that he thinks they can win the Johto League, to which Pikachu seems to agree with.	
Pallet Town	settlement	103	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Pallet Town	settlement	69	The next morning, the group says their goodbyes, bidding farewell to Pallet Town and resuming their travels.	
Team Rocket	group	275	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Team Rocket	group	11	Elsewhere, Team Rocket is dejectedly walking down the road, still smarting over their defeat in the previous episode.	
Team Rocket	group	78	 Ash and Mimey go through the space where the window previously was to pursue Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	41	 Mimey projects several Light Screens at Team Rocket, but Jessie and James escape.	
Team Rocket	group	49	 Pikachu is then released, much to the fright of Team Rocket.	
Team Rocket	group	63	 Ash commands Pikachu to show them his Thunderbolt attack, and Team Rocket is zapped by the attack.	
Team Rocket	group	26	 Marill uses Water Gun on Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Team Rocket	group	104	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Double Team	move	81	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Thunderbolt	move	29	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Thunderbolt	move	54	 Eevee performs the move, and Pikachu attempts to use Thunderbolt on all of them.	
Thunderbolt	move	39	 Ash commands Pikachu to show them his Thunderbolt attack, and Team Rocket is zapped by the attack.	
Skull Bash	move	73	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Laboratory	building	19	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Laboratory	building	32	 Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group.	
Poké Ball	item	14	 Gary holds a Poké Ball up, and suggests that maybe the best way for them to proceed would be for each of them to pick just one Pokémon, and have a one-on-one battle to the finish.	
Poké Ball	item	118	 Gary rises, thanking his grandfather but replying that he still has a lot of work ahead of him, and raises Eevee’s Poké Ball to spin on his finger.	
Poké Ball	item	57	 Gary tells Ash that he did a great job, and catches the Poké Ball he was spinning.	
Water Gun	move	54	 Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun.	
Water Gun	move	13	 Marill uses Water Gun on Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Take Down	move	49	 Gary looks to the side, commanding Eevee to use Take Down attack.	
Take Down	move	115	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Vaporeon	pokemon	89	 Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon.	
Gary Oak	person	364	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
GS Ball	item	209	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
GS Ball	item	121	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
GS Ball	item	86	 Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult.	
GS Ball	item	101	 Misty walks up the stairs, and asks if Professor Oak has been able to figure out anything about the GS Ball yet.	
GS Ball	item	65	Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went.	
GS Ball	item	85	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
GS Ball	item	25	 Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it.	
GS Ball	item	201	 He explains that in a town in Johto there lives a man called Kurt, who is famous for designing special types of Poke Balls, and that if there is anyone who would know anything about what's inside the GS Ball, it would be him.	
GS Ball	item	45	Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
GS Ball	item	65	 Ash agrees, saying that they will go there first, then take the GS Ball to Kurt in Azalea Town.	
Ketchum	person	12	Back at the Ketchum house, dinner is in full swing.	
Scyther	pokemon	127	 Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther.	
Scyther	pokemon	17	 Tracey commands Scyther to use its Slash attack, and Scyther jumps into the air before performing the attack on the camera case.	
Scyther	pokemon	54	 Tracey commands Scyther to use its Slash attack, and Scyther jumps into the air before performing the attack on the camera case.	
Scyther	pokemon	12	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	56	 Ash states that it is fine with him, and looks down at Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu appears to nod, and Ash proclaims that he is going to battle with Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	75	 Pikachu appears to nod, and Ash proclaims that he is going to battle with Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu springs up and onto the field, and Gary states that it is just as he thought, adding that it is a good choice.	
Pikachu	pokemon	88	 Ash fervently exclaims that he is there to beat him, starting the battle by commanding Pikachu to use Quick Attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu runs forward, and Gary tells his Eevee to use Reflect attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	35	 A barrier forms around Eevee, and Pikachu rams into it, dissipating it and sending Eevee into the air.	
Pikachu	pokemon	85	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Pikachu	pokemon	30	 Eevee performs the move, and Pikachu attempts to use Thunderbolt on all of them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	45	 As the illusionary copies vanish, Ash tells Pikachu to stop, for it is no use and to not waste his electricity.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu turns his head to the direction Gary looked in, as Eevee runs forward.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Pikachu	pokemon	73	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Pikachu	pokemon	158	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Pikachu	pokemon	21	 Eevee collides into Pikachu, stunning him and causing him to release Thunder attack too late.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu falls to the ground, weakened, while Eevee lands perfectly with no damage.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu attempts to get up, but is unsuccessful and knocked out.	
Pikachu	pokemon	16	 Ash runs up to Pikachu, holding him in his arms.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 On seeing Pikachu open his eyes, Ash congratulates Pikachu, saying it was a tough battle and he was great.	
Pikachu	pokemon	52	 On seeing Pikachu open his eyes, Ash congratulates Pikachu, saying it was a tough battle and he was great.	
Pikachu	pokemon	40	Ash is then seen sitting on a rock with Pikachu, observing a herd of Tauros running past.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu jumps onto his shoulder, and Ash tells Pikachu he knows they will make it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	48	 Pikachu jumps onto his shoulder, and Ash tells Pikachu he knows they will make it.	
Pikachu	pokemon	71	 Brock then seems to punch in the direction of east along with Ash, as Pikachu leaps down from Ash’s shoulder to emulate the punching motions.	
Pikachu	pokemon	84	 The female reporter states that they will now be capturing this charming Pokémon (Pikachu in specific) on camera, to which she instructs the cameraman to move in for a closer shot to grab him.	
Pikachu	pokemon	96	 The cameraman then presses a button on the camera, and a glove comes out of the camera to grab Pikachu.	
Pikachu	pokemon	72	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
Pikachu	pokemon	11	 Ash tells Pikachu to use ThunderShock attack to blow his enclosure to pieces.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu released ThunderShock, but it is unsuccessful as James explains it is rubber-reinforced.	
Pikachu	pokemon	1	 Pikachu is then released, much to the fright of Team Rocket.	
Pikachu	pokemon	14	 Ash commands Pikachu to show them his Thunderbolt attack, and Team Rocket is zapped by the attack.	
Pikachu	pokemon	22	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	60	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
Pikachu	pokemon	75	 Ash then proclaims that he thinks they can win the Johto League, to which Pikachu seems to agree with.	
Agility	move	29	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Thunder	move	29	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Thunder	move	70	 Eevee collides into Pikachu, stunning him and causing him to release Thunder attack too late.	
Trainer	person	181	 Professor Oak continues to say that Gary is planning to battle as many other Trainers as he can, in the hopes that with all the experience he gets, he will become an even stronger Trainer.	
Flareon	pokemon	69	 Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon.	
Reflect	move	55	 Pikachu runs forward, and Gary tells his Eevee to use Reflect attack.	
Reflect	move	93	 Eevee lands without any discernible damage done, as Tracey states that he has seen a lot of Reflect attacks but never one like that.	
Pokémon	pokemon	129	 Gary holds a Poké Ball up, and suggests that maybe the best way for them to proceed would be for each of them to pick just one Pokémon, and have a one-on-one battle to the finish.	
Pokémon	pokemon	20	 Gary sends out his Pokémon, an Eevee.	
Pokémon	pokemon	112	 Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.	
Pokémon	pokemon	96	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Pokémon	pokemon	32	 Ash says that he will become a Pokémon Master, and just has to start training as hard as he can.	
Pokémon	pokemon	193	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Pokémon	pokemon	56	Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself.	
Pokémon	pokemon	74	 The female reporter states that they will now be capturing this charming Pokémon (Pikachu in specific) on camera, to which she instructs the cameraman to move in for a closer shot to grab him.	
Pokémon	pokemon	67	 Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther.	
Pokémon	pokemon	80	 Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit.	
Jolteon	pokemon	78	 Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon.	
Marill	pokemon	19	 Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun.	
Marill	pokemon	40	 Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun.	
Marill	pokemon	1	 Marill uses Water Gun on Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Marill	pokemon	24	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Tauros	pokemon	69	Ash is then seen sitting on a rock with Pikachu, observing a herd of Tauros running past.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James are discouraged once again, and trudge onward, leaving Meowth behind (much to his annoyance).	
Jessie	person	25	 Suddenly two reporters (Jessie and James in disguise) appear in the entranceway of the room.	
Jessie	person	58	 Mimey projects several Light Screens at Team Rocket, but Jessie and James escape.	
Jessie	person	1	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	10	 Suddenly Meowth notices Gary down the road, headed right their way, and the three decide to ambush him.	
Meowth	pokemon	73	 Jessie and James are discouraged once again, and trudge onward, leaving Meowth behind (much to his annoyance).	
Meowth	pokemon	28	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
Meowth	pokemon	91	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
Tracey	person	83	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon.	
Tracey	person	53	 Eevee lands without any discernible damage done, as Tracey states that he has seen a lot of Reflect attacks but never one like that.	
Tracey	person	26	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Tracey	person	135	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult.	
Tracey	person	63	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey states nothing so far, and the images of boxes of question marks appear on Professor Oak's computer monitor.	
Tracey	person	150	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Tracey	person	24	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey attempts to resolve the situation, asking the two to not fight.	
Tracey	person	229	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself.	
Tracey	person	42	 Ash asks what he means by this, to which Tracey replies that Professor Oak is going to let him be his assistant at the lab.	
Tracey	person	59	 Professor Oak affirms this, saying that as soon as he met Tracey, he knew he wanted to be his assistant, but it took a while for him to get up the nerve to ask.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey states that Ash taught him to always go for what you really want, to which Ash affirms and adds that the next thing he really wants is seconds, biting into the drumstick he was holding.	
Tracey	person	118	 Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey commands Scyther to use its Slash attack, and Scyther jumps into the air before performing the attack on the camera case.	
Tracey	person	1	 Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun.	
Tracey	person	34	 Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit.	
Tracey	person	50	 Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit.	
Tracey	person	116	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
Eevee	pokemon	33	 Gary sends out his Pokémon, an Eevee.	
Eevee	pokemon	21	 Misty comments that Eevee is cute, but Brock states that looks can be deceiving, pointing out its shiny coat and bright eyes as indicators that Gary is raising it very well.	
Eevee	pokemon	42	 Pikachu runs forward, and Gary tells his Eevee to use Reflect attack.	
Eevee	pokemon	24	 A barrier forms around Eevee, and Pikachu rams into it, dissipating it and sending Eevee into the air.	
Eevee	pokemon	84	 A barrier forms around Eevee, and Pikachu rams into it, dissipating it and sending Eevee into the air.	
Eevee	pokemon	1	 Eevee lands without any discernible damage done, as Tracey states that he has seen a lot of Reflect attacks but never one like that.	
Eevee	pokemon	62	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Eevee	pokemon	173	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Eevee	pokemon	49	 Misty states that she guesses it means Gary’s Eevee is at a really high level.	
Eevee	pokemon	68	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Eevee	pokemon	1	 Eevee performs the move, and Pikachu attempts to use Thunderbolt on all of them.	
Eevee	pokemon	36	 Gary looks to the side, commanding Eevee to use Take Down attack.	
Eevee	pokemon	60	 Pikachu turns his head to the direction Gary looked in, as Eevee runs forward.	
Eevee	pokemon	50	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Eevee	pokemon	131	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Eevee	pokemon	60	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Eevee	pokemon	1	 Eevee collides into Pikachu, stunning him and causing him to release Thunder attack too late.	
Eevee	pokemon	46	 Pikachu falls to the ground, weakened, while Eevee lands perfectly with no damage.	
Eevee	pokemon	44	 Brock declares that the match is over, and Eevee is the winner.	
Eevee	pokemon	12	 Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle.	
Eevee	pokemon	32	 Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle.	
Eevee	pokemon	86	 Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle.	
Eevee	pokemon	108	 Gary rises, thanking his grandfather but replying that he still has a lot of work ahead of him, and raises Eevee’s Poké Ball to spin on his finger.	
Eevee	pokemon	14	 Gary recalls Eevee, and says goodbye to his grandfather as he prepares to depart.	
Brock	person	137	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Brock	person	40	 Misty comments that Eevee is cute, but Brock states that looks can be deceiving, pointing out its shiny coat and bright eyes as indicators that Gary is raising it very well.	
Brock	person	20	 Tracey agrees with Brock, betting that it is ready to evolve into a Flareon, Jolteon or Vaporeon.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock claims that they should get the match started, and states the one-on-one conditions of the battle, ending with the statement to begin the battle now.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock declares that the match is over, and Eevee is the winner.	
Brock	person	146	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Brock	person	52	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Brock	person	201	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Brock	person	127	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock claims that he guesses he should have known Ash and Misty would not get along without him.	
Brock	person	50	 Ash and Misty simultaneously and defensively ask Brock what he is talking about.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock explains that with him around, they will start training right, eating right, and fighting right, just like they used to.	
Brock	person	28	 Ash implies that he infers Brock means to rejoin the group, but before he finishes his statement, Brock holds him and claims that Brock is back.	
Brock	person	99	 Ash implies that he infers Brock means to rejoin the group, but before he finishes his statement, Brock holds him and claims that Brock is back.	
Brock	person	131	 Ash implies that he infers Brock means to rejoin the group, but before he finishes his statement, Brock holds him and claims that Brock is back.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock points to a direction, stating that they are headed for new adventures, new challenges, and new achievements, concluding with the statement that they are heading west.	
Brock	person	15	 Misty says to Brock that is fine, but points to the opposite direction and says west is that way.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock claims that what ever direction they take, they are headed for action.	
Brock	person	1	 Brock then seems to punch in the direction of east along with Ash, as Pikachu leaps down from Ash’s shoulder to emulate the punching motions.	
Brock	person	21	 A rather over-eager Brock once again tries to outdo Mimey, and after a skirmish between the two, he charges victoriously out the door.	
Brock	person	66	 The two reporters then proceed to eat some quantity of food, but Brock approaches the female reporter and, seeming suspicious, comments that she looks familiar.	
Brock	person	64	 On the female reporter’s reminder that it is live (L-Ivy-E), Brock is sullen and does not further interact with them.	
Brock	person	171	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James are discouraged once again, and trudge onward, leaving Meowth behind (much to his annoyance).	
James	person	36	 Suddenly two reporters (Jessie and James in disguise) appear in the entranceway of the room.	
James	person	69	 Mimey projects several Light Screens at Team Rocket, but Jessie and James escape.	
James	person	12	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
James	person	40	 Jessie and James meet with Meowth, and James presents the camera, with Pikachu within, to Meowth.	
James	person	58	 Pikachu released ThunderShock, but it is unsuccessful as James explains it is rubber-reinforced.	
Misty	person	72	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that Eevee is cute, but Brock states that looks can be deceiving, pointing out its shiny coat and bright eyes as indicators that Gary is raising it very well.	
Misty	person	4	 At Misty’s puzzlement, Tracey asks if it looks to her like Eevee felt the half of Pikachu’s Quick Attack, continuing that it does not seem so to him, looking more like Eevee did not feel it at all.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty states that she guesses it means Gary’s Eevee is at a really high level.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty comments that at least they tried their best, and Professor Oak nods knowingly in agreement.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty then appears in his line of vision, asking him if he wants to know where Gary is.	
Misty	person	37	 Ash mumbles why should he care, but Misty remarks that he is out on a new journey already.	
Misty	person	44	 Ash, a little shocked, turns around to ask Misty where Gary would be journeying to.	
Misty	person	51	 Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty walks up the stairs, and asks if Professor Oak has been able to figure out anything about the GS Ball yet.	
Misty	person	52	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says "oops", and Tracey claims that he is just a Pokémon watcher, but that his advice is to watch what she says around Brock, especially about "you-know-who", being Professor Ivy.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty affirms this, adding that ever since the Orange League Ash has been getting a little lazy.	
Misty	person	39	 Ash, angered, defensively exclaims to Misty that has not been getting lazy.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty replies that if he had not been lazy, how could he have lost his battle with Gary.	
Misty	person	59	 Brock claims that he guesses he should have known Ash and Misty would not get along without him.	
Misty	person	9	 Ash and Misty simultaneously and defensively ask Brock what he is talking about.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says to Brock that is fine, but points to the opposite direction and says west is that way.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says she will bring her own map before bringing her arm up into the air confidently.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty says that she kind of wishes he were coming with them, but that she possessed a feeling he might wind up staying there.	
Misty	person	1	 Misty yells out that they are not reporters as they crash through and escape by means of a window.	
Delia	person	20	 Later, Mimey helps Delia with packing some things into Ash’s backpack.	
Delia	person	8	without Delia's shopping list.	
Delia	person	1	 Delia approaches the reporters and demands who they are, but the male reporter asks if she is ready for her close-up, to which she attempts to pose for.	
Delia	person	36	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Johto	region	175	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Johto	region	31	 Ash, quizzical, asks what the Johto League is.	
Johto	region	174	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Johto	region	31	 He explains that in a town in Johto there lives a man called Kurt, who is famous for designing special types of Poke Balls, and that if there is anyone who would know anything about what's inside the GS Ball, it would be him.	
Johto	region	157	Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
Johto	region	223	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Johto	region	73	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
Johto	region	52	 Ash then proclaims that he thinks they can win the Johto League, to which Pikachu seems to agree with.	
Water	type	54	 Tracey brings out Marill, and commands Marill to use Water Gun.	
Water	type	13	 Marill uses Water Gun on Team Rocket, blasting them off.	
Mimey	pokemon	8	 Later, Mimey helps Delia with packing some things into Ash’s backpack.	
Mimey	pokemon	53	 A rather over-eager Brock once again tries to outdo Mimey, and after a skirmish between the two, he charges victoriously out the door.	
Mimey	pokemon	20	 Ash’s mother and Mimey come near Ash, and release confetti into the air.	
Mimey	pokemon	9	 Ash and Mimey go through the space where the window previously was to pursue Team Rocket.	
Mimey	pokemon	1	 Mimey projects several Light Screens at Team Rocket, but Jessie and James escape.	
Mimey	pokemon	68	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Slash	move	36	 Tracey commands Scyther to use its Slash attack, and Scyther jumps into the air before performing the attack on the camera case.	
Poké	item	14	 Gary holds a Poké Ball up, and suggests that maybe the best way for them to proceed would be for each of them to pick just one Pokémon, and have a one-on-one battle to the finish.	
Poké	item	118	 Gary rises, thanking his grandfather but replying that he still has a lot of work ahead of him, and raises Eevee’s Poké Ball to spin on his finger.	
Poké	item	57	 Gary tells Ash that he did a great job, and catches the Poké Ball he was spinning.	
Gary	person	364	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Gary	person	67	 The narration then returns to the current state, in which Ash and Gary are about to battle.	
Gary	person	49	A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary holds a Poké Ball up, and suggests that maybe the best way for them to proceed would be for each of them to pick just one Pokémon, and have a one-on-one battle to the finish.	
Gary	person	44	 Pikachu springs up and onto the field, and Gary states that it is just as he thought, adding that it is a good choice.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary sends out his Pokémon, an Eevee.	
Gary	person	145	 Misty comments that Eevee is cute, but Brock states that looks can be deceiving, pointing out its shiny coat and bright eyes as indicators that Gary is raising it very well.	
Gary	person	15	 Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary states that he is there to battle, not to talk, and implores what about Ash.	
Gary	person	27	 Pikachu runs forward, and Gary tells his Eevee to use Reflect attack.	
Gary	person	40	 Misty states that she guesses it means Gary’s Eevee is at a really high level.	
Gary	person	53	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary looks to the side, commanding Eevee to use Take Down attack.	
Gary	person	41	 Pikachu turns his head to the direction Gary looked in, as Eevee runs forward.	
Gary	person	49	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle.	
Gary	person	57	 Gary calls Eevee’s name, and Eevee scampers over with Gary lowering himself to pet Eevee’s head and congratulate it on the battle.	
Gary	person	29	 Professor Oak walks over to Gary, stating that it looks like all the training he has been doing has paid off, claiming that he is very impressed with Gary’s progress.	
Gary	person	151	 Professor Oak walks over to Gary, stating that it looks like all the training he has been doing has paid off, claiming that he is very impressed with Gary’s progress.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary rises, thanking his grandfather but replying that he still has a lot of work ahead of him, and raises Eevee’s Poké Ball to spin on his finger.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary tells Ash that he did a great job, and catches the Poké Ball he was spinning.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary recalls Eevee, and says goodbye to his grandfather as he prepares to depart.	
Gary	person	32	 Ash stands up, and exclaims at Gary that next time it is going to be different.	
Gary	person	1	 Gary continues forward, but raises one hand in the air as he walks, apparently in acknowledgment of Ash’s comment.	
Gary	person	80	 Misty then appears in his line of vision, asking him if he wants to know where Gary is.	
Gary	person	56	 Ash, a little shocked, turns around to ask Misty where Gary would be journeying to.	
Gary	person	67	 Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey.	
Gary	person	59	 Professor Oak confirms this, adding that it is the reason Gary has been training so hard lately.	
Gary	person	124	Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went.	
Gary	person	37	 Professor Oak continues to say that Gary is planning to battle as many other Trainers as he can, in the hopes that with all the experience he gets, he will become an even stronger Trainer.	
Gary	person	46	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Gary	person	84	 Misty replies that if he had not been lazy, how could he have lost his battle with Gary.	
Gary	person	25	 Suddenly Meowth notices Gary down the road, headed right their way, and the three decide to ambush him.	
Gary	person	10	 However, Gary doesn't even notice them and walks right on by.	
Ash	person	67	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Ash	person	349	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Ash	person	59	 The narration then returns to the current state, in which Ash and Gary are about to battle.	
Ash	person	58	A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines.	
Ash	person	94	A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash states that it is fine with him, and looks down at Pikachu.	
Ash	person	29	 Pikachu appears to nod, and Ash proclaims that he is going to battle with Pikachu.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash addresses Gary to pay attention and maybe he will learn something, like how to make the top sixteen of the Pokémon League and win the Orange League.	
Ash	person	78	 Gary states that he is there to battle, not to talk, and implores what about Ash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash fervently exclaims that he is there to beat him, starting the battle by commanding Pikachu to use Quick Attack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunderbolt attack, but Gary tells his Eevee to use Double Team.	
Ash	person	35	 As the illusionary copies vanish, Ash tells Pikachu to stop, for it is no use and to not waste his electricity.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Agility, which stops Eevee in its tracks as Pikachu dodges the potential execution of Take Down, with Eevee attempting to follow Pikachu’s movement.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to use Thunder attack, and Gary tells Eevee to use Skull Bash.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash runs up to Pikachu, holding him in his arms.	
Ash	person	34	 On seeing Pikachu open his eyes, Ash congratulates Pikachu, saying it was a tough battle and he was great.	
Ash	person	12	 Gary tells Ash that he did a great job, and catches the Poké Ball he was spinning.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash stands up, and exclaims at Gary that next time it is going to be different.	
Ash	person	101	 Gary continues forward, but raises one hand in the air as he walks, apparently in acknowledgment of Ash’s comment.Ash is then seen sitting on a rock with Pikachu, observing a herd of Tauros running past.	
Ash	person	117	 Gary continues forward, but raises one hand in the air as he walks, apparently in acknowledgment of Ash’s comment.Ash is then seen sitting on a rock with Pikachu, observing a herd of Tauros running past.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then reclines on the rock, staring up at the sky.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash mumbles why should he care, but Misty remarks that he is out on a new journey already.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, a little shocked, turns around to ask Misty where Gary would be journeying to.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Ash	person	35	 Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey.	
Ash	person	86	Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went.	
Ash	person	23	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Ash	person	43	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, quizzical, asks what the Johto League is.	
Ash	person	58	 Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash states that he has to do that (emulating Gary) too, saying that if he is going to become a Pokémon Master, he has to battle with the best so he is going to try for the Johto League.	
Ash	person	38	 Pikachu jumps onto his shoulder, and Ash tells Pikachu he knows they will make it.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash says that he will become a Pokémon Master, and just has to start training as hard as he can.	
Ash	person	62	 Misty affirms this, adding that ever since the Orange League Ash has been getting a little lazy.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, angered, defensively exclaims to Misty that has not been getting lazy.	
Ash	person	51	 Brock claims that he guesses he should have known Ash and Misty would not get along without him.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Misty simultaneously and defensively ask Brock what he is talking about.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash implies that he infers Brock means to rejoin the group, but before he finishes his statement, Brock holds him and claims that Brock is back.	
Ash	person	63	 Brock then seems to punch in the direction of east along with Ash, as Pikachu leaps down from Ash’s shoulder to emulate the punching motions.	
Ash	person	95	 Brock then seems to punch in the direction of east along with Ash, as Pikachu leaps down from Ash’s shoulder to emulate the punching motions.	
Ash	person	36	 Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it.	
Ash	person	62	 Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it.	
Ash	person	29	Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash agrees, saying that they will go there first, then take the GS Ball to Kurt in Azalea Town.	
Ash	person	56	 Later, Mimey helps Delia with packing some things into Ash’s backpack.	
Ash	person	74	 She mentions that she was on the phone with Professor Oak and heard that Ash was leaving, so she's going to be cooking up a big dinner for him and his friends.	
Ash	person	24	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Ash	person	112	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Ash	person	65	Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash asks what he means by this, to which Tracey replies that Professor Oak is going to let him be his assistant at the lab.	
Ash	person	20	 Tracey states that Ash taught him to always go for what you really want, to which Ash affirms and adds that the next thing he really wants is seconds, biting into the drumstick he was holding.	
Ash	person	83	 Tracey states that Ash taught him to always go for what you really want, to which Ash affirms and adds that the next thing he really wants is seconds, biting into the drumstick he was holding.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash’s mother and Mimey come near Ash, and release confetti into the air.	
Ash	person	36	 Ash’s mother and Mimey come near Ash, and release confetti into the air.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash and Mimey go through the space where the window previously was to pursue Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash tells Pikachu to use ThunderShock attack to blow his enclosure to pieces.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then lifts his arm with the intention of bringing out another Pokémon, but a green flash speeds past him, being Tracey's Scyther.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash commands Pikachu to show them his Thunderbolt attack, and Team Rocket is zapped by the attack.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit.	
Ash	person	63	 Ash attempts to proceed to thank Tracey, however Tracey tells Ash to thank the Pokémon, as they deserve the credit.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	50	 Ash thanks Scyther and Marill, and Delia reminds Ash not to forget Mimey who protected her garden from Team Rocket.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash, now in bed with Pikachu alongside him, converses with Pikachu over Johto, commenting that he is going to miss Tracey when they all head out west although he is glad Brock is with them.	
Ash	person	1	 Ash then proclaims that he thinks they can win the Johto League, to which Pikachu seems to agree with.	
Oak	person	230	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Oak	person	369	The episode starts with a recapitulation of recent events: namely, Ash, Misty, and Tracey returning to Pallet Town, unexpectedly finding Brock with his apparent disaffiliation with Professor Ivy, bringing the GS Ball to Professor Oak only to suffer from a surprise attack by Team Rocket, and subsequently being rescued from their helpless states by Ash’s rival, Gary Oak.	
Oak	person	127	A wind blows theatrically through the field that Gary and Ash shall battle each other in, and Ash’s companions and Professor Oak watch on the sidelines.	
Oak	person	67	 Misty comments that at least they tried their best, and Professor Oak nods knowingly in agreement.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak walks over to Gary, stating that it looks like all the training he has been doing has paid off, claiming that he is very impressed with Gary’s progress.	
Oak	person	13	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Oak	person	41	At Professor Oak's Laboratory, Professor Oak is examining the progress of his devices in gathering information about the GS Ball, with Tracey and Brock standing near him.	
Oak	person	26	 Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult.	
Oak	person	99	 Tracey asks if Professor Oak's scanners are coming up with any information about the GS Ball, and Oak turns to him, saying that he is afraid not and that he did not expect it to be quite so difficult.	
Oak	person	47	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	104	 Ash walks up the stairs to the room Professor Oak, Brock, and Tracey are in, and inquires to Professor Oak.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak asks what it is and Ash states that Misty said that Gary is on a new journey.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak confirms this, adding that it is the reason Gary has been training so hard lately.	
Oak	person	50	 Misty walks up the stairs, and asks if Professor Oak has been able to figure out anything about the GS Ball yet.	
Oak	person	93	 Tracey states nothing so far, and the images of boxes of question marks appear on Professor Oak's computer monitor.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak says that he is totally stumped, and Misty claims "If you can’t solve the mystery, and Professor Ivy can't solve the mystery" before Tracey taps her shoulder, and the two look back at Brock, who is sullen from the mention of Professor Ivy's name.	
Oak	person	10	Professor Oak states that he just cannot figure out who made the GS Ball or why, when Ash appears beside him and asks where Gary went.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak says to Ash that he thought Ash knew all about it, and picking up the GS Ball, he explains that it seems his grandson has decided to head out west to enter the Johto League.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak responds that it a very challenging League, and that Trainers have to compete and win battles and Badges, at a number of Gyms in the western territories to qualify in the championship.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak continues to say that Gary is planning to battle as many other Trainers as he can, in the hopes that with all the experience he gets, he will become an even stronger Trainer.	
Oak	person	26	 Now outside of Professor Oak's Laboratory, on the field, Ash ventures out from the group.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak hands the GS Ball to Ash, saying that he needs Ash to help him find out more about it.	
Oak	person	10	Professor Oak then instructs Ash to take the GS Ball and head west to New Bark Town, for that is the place that all Trainers must sign up to compete for the Johto League.	
Oak	person	55	 She mentions that she was on the phone with Professor Oak and heard that Ash was leaving, so she's going to be cooking up a big dinner for him and his friends.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak presents Ash with a new model of PokéDex, explaining that the new model is loaded with anything Ash will need to know about the abilities, temperaments, and habitats of the new Pokémon he will encounter in Johto.	
Oak	person	93	Tracey says that it will be so great to see all the new Pokémon Ash sends back to Professor Oak and himself.	
Oak	person	72	 Ash asks what he means by this, to which Tracey replies that Professor Oak is going to let him be his assistant at the lab.	
Oak	person	11	 Professor Oak affirms this, saying that as soon as he met Tracey, he knew he wanted to be his assistant, but it took a while for him to get up the nerve to ask.	
