Ash, Misty and Brock are hiking toward Mt. Moon, talking about the legend of a meteor called the "Moon Stone". Apparently, the Moon Stone crashed into the mountain in prehistoric times. Near the foot of the mountain, they encounter a man being attacked by a flock of Zubat. Misty reminds Ash that the man needs help, and Ash orders Pikachu to use Thunder Shock. The Zubat fly away, and the man, who is wearing a lab coat, thanks Ash profusely. He introduces himself as Seymour, a scientist. He is upset because someone has installed strung lights inside the nearby cave that are disrupting the Pokémon who live inside - not just the Zubat, but the Paras and Sandshrew as well.Seymour explains that he believes that the attackers are after the Moon Stone. He says that it is a massive boulder, believed to be a million years old or more, and hidden deep in the caves under the mountain. Fragments of the Stone are said to increase a Pokémon's power. Seymour theorizes that this is because the native Pokémon came from outer space, and the Moon Stone was their spacecraft—which means the Stone belongs to the Pokémon, and that the humans must leave it alone. At that moment, a Clefairy bounces past, carrying something. Ash scans it on his Pokédex and decides to catch it, but Seymour tells him to leave it alone. The Clefairy is trapped by Meowth, who is in turn challenged by Ash. Brock and Ash agree that they have to stop Team Rocket, before they make any more trouble.Team Rocket freely admits to putting up the lights; Meowth even reveals their plan to steal the Moon Stone. Ash and Brock challenge Jessie and James, resulting in a battle pitting Jessie's Ekans and James's Koffing against Ash's Butterfree and Brock's new Zubat, caught at the entrance to the cave. James orders Koffing to generate a Smog attack. Ash counters with Butterfree's Whirlwind, and Brock asks Zubat to use Double Team; the two Pokémon turn the Smog back on Team Rocket, much to their surprise. The four Pokémon exchange attacks, culminating in a Supersonic attack from Zubat and a Whirlwind from Butterfree that send Team Rocket blasting off again - without Meowth.Misty and Seymour had been following the Clefairy, which makes its way out of the cave. They follow it up the mountain, where Meowth is waiting for them, and he demands that he be given the Moon Stone. Misty summons her Staryu by dropping its Poké Ball into the river. Without much trouble, Staryu sends Meowth blasting off as well. Brock feeds all the Pokémon with Pokémon food, made according to his own special recipe. Seymour tastes it and deems it "not bad"; Ash follows suit and finds it awful. Meanwhile, Clefairy and Pikachu are having a conversation on a nearby rock. They hop away, followed by the rest of the group. They arrive at another cave, where they find the huge core of the Moon Stone. Clefairy adds its stone to the ring at the base of the core, which completes the "circuit". All the small stones, then the large core, begin to glow blue in the moonlight. Dozens of Clefairy approach and begin to dance around the Moon Stone, praying to it. Seymour states that humans are supposed to ride the Stone back out to the stars, but his epiphany is interrupted by the return of Team Rocket.Seymour attacks Team Rocket to keep them from the Stone, but he is unsuccessful and loses his glasses. Ash attacks with Pikachu, while Brock summons Onix; as usual, Jessie and James call on Ekans and Koffing. Jessie orders a Dig attack, and James orders a SmokeScreen. Ash then summons Pidgeotto and orders it to Whirlwind the smoke away. When the smoke clears, Team Rocket is gone, and the Moon Stone with them. Brock orders Onix to Dig and follow Team Rocket underground, while the humans and other Pokémon run through the caves. One of the Clefairy retrieves Seymour's glasses for him.Team Rocket is sliding downhill with the Stone on a sled. Onix appears suddenly, upsetting the sled. Onix attempts to Tackle Team Rocket, but Koffing counters, and both Pokémon fall to the ground. At that moment, Seymour and the Clefairy appear from Onix's tunnel. The Clefairy use a Metronome attack to hypnotize the humans, and then they follow up with what appears to be a Hyper Beam, sending Team Rocket flying off once more. Chips of the Moon Stone drift down from the sky, and as they fall on the Clefairy, many of the Clefairy evolve into Clefable. Seymour stays with the Clefairy and Clefable, hoping to someday visit outer space with them.Following the night's events, Ash, Misty, and Brock move on toward Cerulean City. Gary had left graffiti on a sign stating, "Gary was here! Ash is a loser!" Seeing it, Ash takes off down the road at a run as the episode ends.