A shadowy figure is seen in the distance. As it approaches, it is discovered that the figure is a Hitmonchan. He suddenly stops by a nearby tree, while a girl watches the Fighting-type from behind. Ash and his friends are amazed, thinking it's a wild Hitmonchan. Ash tells Pikachu that if he can defeat Hitmonchan, he will be a world champion Pokémon. However, Pikachu just imagines himself getting beaten up. Ash says that he will teach Pikachu his secret punch. Misty and Brock are curious about this, and question when Ash became a boxing expert.Ash challenges Hitmonchan, and Pikachu is wearing little boxing gloves. Hitmonchan smirks at this, but Ash tells Pikachu to attack. Brock and Misty are watching while Ash gives commands. Pikachu sends a glowing glove into Hitmonchan's face. He rubs the spot where he was hit, and Pikachu gets scared. A man runs over, and tells Hitmonchan he should not let his guard down, then tells him to knock out that Pokémon.Hitmonchan creams Ash's little Pikachu. Much to Ash's disappointment, it was not a wild Hitmonchan. Suddenly, the girl runs out from behind the tree. She calls the man her dad, and begs him to come home, and to give up trying to become a Trainer. The man tells his daughter, Rebecca, that he won't quit until he becomes the P1 Grand Prix champion. He then informs everyone that he will be at his Gym and leaves.After talking with Rebecca, Ash and the others learn that Anthony is determined to become the P1 Grand Prix champion, and as a result has essentially abandoned his family. Wanting to help Rebecca out, Brock volunteers his and Ash's assistance, saying their Geodude and Primeape will defeat Anthony and his Hitmonchan.Meanwhile, Team Rocket gets wind of the Grand Prix as well. They decide to enter to win the prize belt. James and Meowth, on the other hand, want to win for the all-you-can-eat buffet. Jessie then gets mad at them. When they ask what she would use the money for, she tells them she would go to the salon and go on a shopping spree. When James points out that only Fighting Pokémon can enter, Jessie says that they will have to "borrow" one. They spot a tall man and his Hitmonlee, which James identifies as the Kicking Fiend.At the P1 Grand Prix, all the competitors are ready. The first battle is between a Machop and Ash's Primeape. Despite Ash's pleas, Primeape refuses to listen, until Machop launches a Seismic Toss and sends Primeape out of the ring. Ash rushes to save it, but misses. He then asks his Pokémon if it's okay. Primeape gives Ash a sad look, then shakes it off and jumps back into the ring. Now listening to Ash, Primeape is able to take control and defeat the Machop with Scratch and Mega Kick.The next match is Hitmonlee versus Geodude. Brock waves to Rebecca, saying everything is under control. Suddenly, Rebecca tells him to look out, and Brock is hit in the head with his own Pokémon. He sends Geodude back into the ring, where it is kicked mercilessly. Anthony approaches, telling Brock that a real man knows when to admit defeat. Brock throws in the towel, and apologizes to Geodude for making it battle. Ash promises that he and Primeape will take care of the tournament from that point forward.As more battles take place throughout the tournament, Primeape, Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee rise to the top of the ladder. The next main match is between Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee. Jessie is ready for anything and to make sure they win. Meowth squirts glue up through the floor of the arena. Hitmonchan steps on the glue and gets stuck, so Anthony has to throw in the towel. Anthony says he is sorry he worried Rebecca and her mother. Misty says that the fighting brought a family back together. "Giant" then arrives to meet with Ash, though James' ill-timed poking out and responding to Jessie causes them to realize it was Team Rocket in disguise. Jessie and James then try to recite their motto, although the latter, due to obvious strain from trying to carry Jessie, ends up collapsing before he can even finish.Then the highly anticipated battle between Ash's Primeape versus the stolen Hitmonlee takes place. Primeape blocks multiple rapid kicks from Hitmonlee and manages to sneak through a few hits. Under the arena Meowth tries to pull off another cheating move, but Pikachu spots him and decides to get moving. He finds that Meowth has planted a bomb on the stage.Meanwhile, back on the stage Hitmonlee jumps up, as per the plan, Meowth hits the button on the controls, but the bomb does not explode. Hitmonlee falls down, and Primeape grabs him. It uses its Seismic Toss and wins the match. Primeape has now become the new P1 Grand Prix Champion. Ash says he is proud of Primeape. Anthony says it has a lot of natural talent, and offers to train it for Ash; he promises that he will make Primeape a true P1 Champion. Meanwhile, Meowth and the rest of Team Rocket are baffled as to why the bomb didn't explode. Pikachu then turns up and gives the bomb to Meowth, who thanks Pikachu for finding it. Just at that moment, however, the bomb activates, shocking Team Rocket before exploding, sending them blasting off yet again.Ash leaves Primeape with Anthony to train and take care of. His daughter says that she will also make sure he spends time at home. Primeape then gets teary-eyed, but Ash assures Primeape that they will be together again someday.