Ash and his friends are running to catch the last ferry off Cinnabar Island, and just as they are approaching the ferry, they collide with a Wartortle. It tries to tell them something, but they do not understand. Ash sends out his Squirtle, who begins to talk to Wartortle, in a serious and urgent manner. Suddenly, Squirtle gets a shocked look on its face, and pulls out its Squirtle Squad sunglasses, putting them on. Wartortle and Ash's Squirtle dive into the water, along with Misty's Pokémon pulling the trio along in a boat, who lead them to an island in the shape of Squirtle's shell.They find Wartortle and Squirtle inside their shells on the island, who upon closer inspection, Brock realizes that they are asleep. As they look farther up, there is a giant shell, which Ash's Pokédex reveals that it is a Blastoise. Ash and Squirtle check out Blastoise, and suddenly they fall sleep. Misty and Brock try to wake him up, but to no avail. Then, Misty tells Pikachu to "try an electric shock alarm clock", which manages to wake Ash and all of the Pokémon up. Misty and Brock asked Ash what happened, who then replies that when he approached Blastoise, he heard mysterious music that was vaguely familiar that caused him to fall asleep. Misty and Brock look at each other as if they recognize the cause, and Misty says that they should go ahead and leave, to which Ash replies, "Not until we help wake up Blastoise!". Misty, shaking her head and smiling, says that she was afraid of that.Brock begins to tell the story from the Squirtle and Wartortle's point of view, with little pictures to illustrate it. "This island is the kingdom for turtle Pokémon, who live under the rule of Blastoise, the turtle Pokémon king." The Squirtle and Wartortle agree. "A few days ago, Blastoise went to take a swim in the ocean, but then it didn't swim back home. You found Blastoise floating in the ocean, but when you dragged it ashore, you all wound up inside your shells too!" He leads off saying that when a Wartortle returned to find everyone inside their shells, it headed to the main land to get help, and bumped into us. Misty comments on how people have been searching for the Wartortle's breeding grounds for years, and here it is. Brock says that if it's true, imagine what things he could learn about breeding from being here. He puts on a doctor's outfit, and says that it is time for Blastoise's first annual physical.He pulls out a stethoscope and then they try to wake up Blastoise. Everyone tries to wake it up, but it eventually wakes up on its own, when Blastoise's head and limbs pop out, lifting Ash into the air. He hops off, and then Blastoise's cannons pop out of its shell. Squirtle then notices something stuck in one of Blastoise's hydro cannons. It is squishy and pink, and then its ear sticks out. Misty and Brock suddenly realizes what it is, and Misty tells Ash to get that thing as far away from her as possible. Ash looks at her and asks how bad it could be. Then Misty and Brock know it's Jigglypuff. Then Jigglypuff's song starts again and everyone falls asleep.Team Rocket intrudes on the island, hoping to catch Blastoise, but Meowth, the one who went to get Blastoise, falls asleep. Using the rope they attached to him, Jessie and James reeled him in, and throw him back. They then use their Gyarados grabber. They successfully escape, until they hear the noise coming out of Blastoise's shell. They begin to sink into the water but all the Squirtle and Wartortle save them. Back on the island, Team Rocket chase the Squirtle and Wartortle around, and so Ash's Squirtle and Pikachu try to wake up Blastoise. They succeed, and Jigglypuff what pops out. Jigglypuff is blown away into the Mecha Gyarados. Blastoise successfully drives off Team Rocket, except Jigglypuff is still inside, luckily Jigglypuff is blasted out and lands on the island. Jigglypuff sings, everyone sleeps, everyone gets scribbled on. Misty is annoyed because the marker scribbling makes her look like a cartoon character. Ash breaks the fourth wall by chiming in, "Like that could ever happen!". In the end, Ash and his friends finally leave. Likewise Team Rocket is trapped on the wreck of their Mecha Gyarados, with designs similar to the marker scribblings made by Jigglypuff.