Ash and his friends are getting closer and closer to Pallet Town. Ash is excited to get back, but just as he runs towards home, he crashes into a wall. The wall is completely invisible, created by a Mr. Mime. They look up to see a Mr. Mime climbing up the invisible wall. Just then, a girl named Stella from the circus shows up to try to catch Mr. Mime. Ash protests that he was going to catch it, but Brock holds him back because he thinks Stella is beautiful. This commotion causes the Mr. Mime to get away.Stella then brings them to the circus, where she has her Pokémon perform tricks for the show. The star of the show is her own Mr. Mime, but unfortunately it will no longer perform because of her harsh training towards it. So, when Stella shows her Mr. Mime to Ash and friends they see it sitting around lazily eating snacks. Brock tells Stella that he will get a Mr. Mime for her. When Ash is confused as to how Brock would catch the Mr. Mime, Brock tells him that someone should dress up as Mr. Mime and perform in the circus with the hopes that Stella's Mr. Mime will see this and get jealous. They hope it will lead to Mr. Mime wanting to perform in the circus once again.At the same time, Jessie, James, and Meowth arrive at a Team Rocket building. Their boss is angry at them for the incident at the Viridian Gym, but they hastily apologize and get away. As they sit in their balloon thinking of a way to get rare Pokémon, a flyer for the Pokémon Circus flies by. They pick it up and start to think of a plan.Ash ends up having to dress up as Mr. Mime. Since Ash doesn't know how to perform any of Mr. Mime's tricks, Stella puts Ash into training before the show. Ash comes to find that her training is very harsh, and empathizes with the Stella's Mr. Mime. Eventually, the circus show begins and Ash, in the Mr. Mime costume, comes out and performs, which everyone falls for. Suddenly, the lights go off and Team Rocket comes in to steal the show. After performing their motto, they capture Ash and leave, thinking that he is a Mr. Mime. As Team Rocket sits and talks about how they are going to present "Mr. Mime" to the boss, Ash unties himself and reveals that it was him in a costume all along. While Team Rocket fumes about Ash always spoiling their plans, he then escapes and steals Team Rocket's Meowth balloon. Needless to say, Team Rocket is upset and start to plan on getting the real Mr. Mime as soon as possible.Meanwhile, Ash's mom, Delia, brings Brock and Misty to her house for lunch. Just as they are leaving, the Mr. Mime from the beginning comes knocking on the window. Ash's mom thinks it's Ash, and brings him in for a snack. The real Ash then arrives in the Meowth balloon he stole from Team Rocket and comes home. His mom realizes that it was a real Mr. Mime, and then Ash asks Mr. Mime to help him. Ash's mom asks Mr. Mime to help Ash, offering him a big dessert if it helps, and it agrees.Later, Team Rocket bursts out with a tank trying to steal the Pokémon from the circus. They fire nets at them and pin them all to the ground. The circus helpers get into their trucks and try to escape with the remaining Pokémon, but they are trapped too. Stella and her Mr. Mime try to escape, but Team Rocket turns around and homes in on them. As they are about capture them too, Ash comes in to interfere, and he is reunited with his friends as well as his mom. He orders Pikachu to use Thunderbolt on the tank, but it has no effect, as Team Rocket anticipated Ash's use of Pikachu and made sure the tank was largely made of rubber to ward off electric attacks. He then sends out Charizard, but it doesn't obey him. Ash's mom then tells her Mr. Mime to help, and it builds a wall to block them. Stella's Mr. Mime sees this and, when the tank turns around, builds another wall to block them from the other side. Eventually surrounding them with a tower of walls, they try to blow the walls out with their missiles, but end up blasting themselves off again.In the end, the wild Mr. Mime ends up going with Delia and becomes a helpful hand around the house. Stella's Mr. Mime ends up forgiving her for her harsh training and agrees to perform in the circus again. Stella agrees to not train as harshly anymore.