The episode begins as Ash, Misty, and Brock approach Indigo Plateau. Ash releases a loud cry of excitement which irritates the rest of the group and causes Togepi to cry...again. When Misty finishes calming Togepi down, Ash explains that he couldn't help himself, and that he is erupting in excitement for the Pokémon League. Brock suggests that Ash save the energy for his first match, but then Ash begins yelling again. Misty begins to worry about Ash being overconfident.Later Ash and his friends approach a large fanfare and people with flags, and Ash thinks they are cheering for him. Turns out, they are all actually cheering on the Torch Bearer. The Torch Bearer is said to light up a huge flame that burns during the entire Pokémon League competition. The flame is supposed to be a form of inspiration for the competitors; Misty explains that the flame is supposed to be of a Moltres. Ash begins to dream about catching a Moltres and runs to the flame, exclaiming that he shall be the Torch Bearer.Ash approaches the Torch Bearer explaining that he'd take the torch from there. Officer Jenny explains that only approved competitors can hold the Torch. Ash shows that he is a competitor with his Badges pinned to the inside of his shirt. Jenny tells Ash that he needs to be approved, when Professor Goodshow (on top of the vehicle behind Jenny and Ash) explains that they should bend the rules and let Ash be the Torch Bearer in honor of Ash's spirit.Ash asks Mr. Goodshow if he is Santa Claus, causing the man to fall off the vehicle. Jenny introduces the man as "The Honorable Charles Goodshow, President of the Pokémon League Torch Committee". Goodshow reexplains that the competition is about spirit, and that Ash would be the perfect man to hold the Torch. The previous torch bearer transfers the flame onto Ash's unlit torch, Ash explains to Pikachu that the Torch is very valuable and shall be kept safe in Ash's possession. Goodshow acknowledges Ash's responsibility and so the Torch-lighting ceremony begins.Meanwhile, Team Rocket is in their balloon and plans to steal the torch, along with some Pokémon. As Ash and Pikachu run with the Torch, in the vehicle following him, Misty and Brock begin hearing a noise. Then, all of a sudden a fissure breaks the ground under the vehicle. Ash approaches the large sinkhole and is puzzling the cause, when Team Rocket begin to recite their motto from their balloon. Afterwards, Team Rocket jumps out of their balloon and Meowth lands on Ash and swipes him, causing Ash to let go of the Torch. Meowth catches the torch, but on the end with the flame causing him to catch on fire and throw the Torch away from him. Then Pikachu catches it as Jessie and James run away from a flaming Meowth. James sends out his Victreebel and commands it to bite Meowth to put out the flame. However, Victreebel then catches fire as well, and starts to chase Jessie and James along with Meowth. Ash sends out his Squirtle to put out Jessie, James, Meowth, and Victreebel. Despite having been saved Team Rocket explains to Ash that they will not stop trying to get the Torch because it could sell for a huge price and get them lots of money. James jumps up and prepares to tackle Pikachu for the Torch. Pikachu throws the torch away and uses an electric attack on James. Ash and Jessie both go for the Torch, and both get their hands on it. They begin grappling and Squirtle leaps on Jessie's face to help Ash. Meanwhile, Meowth jumps onto Ash and begins tickling him without mercy. Jessie catches it, Team Rocket makes some puns, and then they drift away. Ash is diminished, having lost the Great Torch. However, Mr. Goodshow rides on Brock's shoulders out of the sinkhole and explains to Ash that all is not lost. He reveals a miniature lantern he carries around his neck at all times with a small flame from the fire of Moltres. The scene changes to Team Rocket in their balloon floating above a coastline. Jessie exclaims that the flame is about to go out. Meowth explains she just needed to turn it up, operating a small switch on the bottom of the Torch handle. This causes a massive flame to blast them all, also causing the flame to go completely out. They make some more puns and then they fall over in their balloon.The scene opens with Jenny using a crane to pull her motorcycle out of the sinkhole, and then shows Ash using the lantern flame to light a new torch. Ash resumes running, and the Theme Song tune with new verses and exciting camera work follow. Ash is shown passing the flame to Misty, who runs to the Theme Song tune with Togepi on her shoulder. Then we get an exciting close-up of Misty, and the scene changes to a Vulpix close-up. The camera zooms to show that Brock is now running with the Torch. The stadium finally comes into view for the first time. Brock arrives and formally gives the flame to Mr. Goodshow, who invites Ash, Brock, and Misty to the opening ceremonies, which will take place the following day. In the evening, Ash and Co. are mingling with Trainers when they meet up with Gary. As always he is surrounded by his cheerleaders, and is acting like somewhat of a jerk; they banter, and Gary exits.The scene changes to night time over the town, and cuts to Ash lying awake, while Misty and Brock are sleeping peacefully. Ash has a flashback to Gary talking to him earlier that day, and one flashback of Misty and Brock worried about how excited he is towards the beginning of the episode. Ash declares them wrong and gets out of bed, going outside. Misty hears him and thinks he is scared. The scene cuts to Mr. Goodshow sitting on a bleacher in the stadium and Ash walking onto the stadium floor. Doubting thoughts go through Ash's mind, but then he grows determined. The scene dramatically cuts to the opening ceremony of the Pokémon League. The competitors walk onto the field. Ash looks nervous. The last Torch Bearer is about to light the flame when Team Rocket disguised as League officials swipe the torch from her. Weezing uses Smog, and Jessie lights the main flame. Then, Team Rocket head inside a robot and puts the Moltres Flame on its back. Pikachu attempts to electrocute the robot, but it resists electricity. Team Rocket attempts to incinerate Ash using the flame, but Moltres appears and obliterates Team Rocket, blasting them off. The crowd seems unfazed by the terrorist attempt, and Mr. Goodshow gives a stirring speech. Ash inwardly thanks Moltres and the Commentator ends the episode.