After the events of the previous episode, the blimp crash-lands on another island. The blimp turns onto its side in the explosion, overturning the cage and freeing Ash and Misty. As they exit the wreck, they scan the area, finding it apparently quiet. Ash and Misty hike for miles without coming across another person. Misty fears it’s a deserted island and they will have to eat bugs and berries. Suddenly, a group of elderly tourists walk by and pose with Pikachu and Togepi. Ash and Misty eventually find an exit, where two Hawaiian-style ladies in hula skirts put leis on the group. They find out that island isn’t deserted and that they were in Pokémon Park on Tangelo Island. They stroll along the beach city when Pikachu notices a Lapras on the beach. Three guys are verbally and physically abusing it, one hitting it with a stick. Ash and Misty confront the three guys, which quickly grows hostile as the guys reveal that they want the Lapras so they can use it to battle the Orange Crew. The three guys send out Spearow, Hitmonchan and Beedrill. Ash pits Pikachu against all three while Misty hides Togepi. Before any attacks are launched, someone calls out for them to stop. He steps forward, measuring and sketching all the Pokémon. He quickly points out that Spearow is vitamin-deficient, Beedrill’s coloring is poor and Hitmonchan is lacking exercise. He contrasts the underdeveloped Pokémon with Ash’s Pikachu, noting the shiny coat. The three guys get irritated and order all three Pokémon to attack, but Ash's Pikachu takes the three Pokémon down and sends them scurrying. However, the watcher quickly shifts his attention to the Lapras. He hands Ash medicine while he runs to get Nurse Joy. Ash tries to give Lapras the medicine, but Lapras knocks it away, Pikachu catching it before it breaks. At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy concludes that Lapras only needs a rest, but she reveals that it is afraid to have any human contact, probably based on how the three guys were abusing it. The watcher points out that it is only an infant and that it might have gotten separated from its group after the last big storm. He reveals that he is a Pokémon watcher and that he observes Pokémon in their natural habitats. Ash and Misty make formal introductions, and the watcher introduces himself as Tracey. Ash and the others decide to unite in getting that Lapras back with its group. Meanwhile, Team Rocket watch nearby and decide to steal Lapras. Three kids run in and ask Nurse Joy to heal their Pokémon in preparation for battling the Orange Crew. Tracey explains to Ash about the Orange Crew and how Trainers must beat every member of the Orange Crew before competing in the Orange League. Ash wants to compete, but Misty reminds him that they need to deliver the GS Ball to Professor Oak. Ash places a call to Professor Oak, presenting the GS Ball and requesting to compete in the Orange League. Professor Oak approves the decision. Knowing that Ash has a connection to Professor Oak, Tracey decides to join the group in order to meet the professor.After Lapras wakes up, the group wants to load Lapras aboard a truck to take it back to sea, but Lapras is afraid to move. Ash decides to sing a lullaby, but Jigglypuff comes up and beats him to it, putting everyone to sleep with Sing. Jigglypuff gets angry and goes on its drawing rampage. After everyone wakes up, Lapras still won't budge. Ash tries to get close to Lapras, but it retreats underwater. Ash takes off his hat and vest before jumping in and swimming after Lapras. Lapras evades Ash long enough, forcing Ash to retreat to the surface for air. Team Rocket fire a bazooka into the pool, creating a white smoke screen as they bind Lapras to their own truck. Being a watcher, Tracey is amazed at Meowth's talking ability, but Jessie and James put him down as James orders Weezing to use Smog, allowing them to escape in their truck. Tracey sends out Venonat to use radar eye to track the truck before they can pursue. Team Rocket have to descend on switchbacks, allowing Ash and co. to cut down the hill on bicycles. As they get closer, Team Rocket speeds up. Ash picks up the pace, getting close enough for him to jump off his bike and directly onto the truck bed. Ash moves forward and gets inside the cabin. Misty and Tracey stop pursuing due to fatigue. Pikachu attacks with Thunderbolt, knocking James onto the switch detaching the trailer. Ash and Pikachu get back onto the truck bed as they head up a ramp. The truck itself flies off the ramp, sending Team Rocket blasting off, but the trailer doesn’t follow. As Ash loosens the rope binding Lapras, the trailer begins to roll backwards, quickly picking off speed and almost plunging off a cliff. Ash pulls from the side, turning the trailer and avoiding a fall. However, they quickly approach another cliff. Ash and Pikachu pull, but it fails as the trailer flies off the cliff. With the rope loose, Lapras is no longer bound onto the trailer. Ash and Pikachu grab onto Lapras just before all three crash into the sea.Misty and Tracey follow Venonat's senses, leading them to the beach. In the distance, Ash and Pikachu are riding on Lapras's back to the beach. Lapras appears comfortable around Ash as he proclaims Lapras as caught. Tracey joins Ash and Misty as they leave Tangelo Island, with Ash’s intention of earning his first Orange League Badge and reuniting Lapras with its pack.