Ash and his friends arrive at the Seven Grapefruit Islands, known for its large grapefruit harvest. However, just as they pick a grapefruit for themselves, they are stopped by a girl named Ruby, who mistakes them for thieves. After clearing the confusion, Ruby explains how they tend to the grapefruit trees to produce their high-quality grapefruits. However, Ruby also notes that they had been recently had a problem with thieves making off with the grapefruits. When the thieves strike again, Ash and company go and help Ruby.It turns out that it was not thieves stealing the grapefruit, but instead a Snorlax that has been eating them. Devising a plan to stop Snorlax, Ash and company assist with Ruby's staff to harvest as many grapefruits as possible - Bulbasaur and Staryu assisting as well. However, all it does is lead Snorlax to their cache, and when Ash tries to fend off the Snorlax, Bulbasaur ends up flattened by Snorlax's Body Slam.Later, Snorlax has already eaten the first island dry. Thinking that they will be safe now that Snorlax has nowhere to go, they are surprised to find that Snorlax can swim, explaining how it could arrive on the island. While Ruby and her crew try to pick the grapefruits as quickly as possible, Ash and company try to stop Snorlax. On the second island, Team Rocket is also picking grapefruits - to steal. While Meowth notes at the hardness of the grapefruits (James opining that these are grapefruits which are grown not for the fruit but for candied peels), they manage to get the fruits that they need. However, before they can make their getaway, Snorlax, with Ash and company, races towards them. Snorlax begins to eat Team Rocket's loot, which forces Team Rocket to try to stop Snorlax.However, the combined forces of Team Rocket and the heroes are no match for Snorlax: Squirtle, Arbok, and Victreebel are flattened, Lickitung's Wrap is caught by Snorlax (who uses the tongue to wipe itself), while Goldeen is flailing about on land and Psyduck is caught choking on a grapefruit, while Staryu's and Pikachu's attacks are rendered ineffective. Thinking of alternative plans to stop Snorlax, they agree on trying to put it asleep. A massage by Ash's crew does not seem to make it fall asleep, while James' hypnotist routine and Misty's Snorlax-counting both make their users fall asleep before Snorlax. Jessie's idea of using a Snorlax suit and pretending to act as Snorlax's mother gets Team Rocket sent flying into the air from a Mega Kick. Now left alone, Ash and company come up with a plan to have Jigglypuff sing to it. But in order to do so, they will first have to find Jigglypuff, and then, before anyone can fall asleep, catch it in a Poké Ball.As if by chance, Ash and company arrive to where Ruby is located just in time to see her staff asleep, with marking scattered about the faces of the workers. Surmising that Jigglypuff is nearby, Ash and company decide to build a stage for Jigglypuff, complete with colored markers and large signage. Just as Snorlax strips the second island and is heading towards them on the third, Jigglypuff shows up and begins to sing, while Ash and Pikachu manage to hold off sleeping long enough to land a Thunder on Snorlax and catch it in a Poké Ball. Once again, Jigglypuff uses its marker (and the new colored markers) to mark everyone for falling asleep.Later, as Ash and company leave the island, Ruby arrives to tell them that the islands stripped bare by Snorlax have since had new saplings regrow. Ruby thanks their help for containing Snorlax by giving Ash and company a bag of candied grapefruit peels.