Ash and his friends arrive on Murcott Island. At the beach, Ash recalls his Lapras as Tracey brings out Marill and Venonat, excited to visit the island. Misty ducks at a passing Beedrill due to her fear of bugs. Tracey reveals that the island is famous for housing plenty of Bug types. Misty wants to stay on the beach to avoid exploring as Ash tells Tracey of her fear. Tracey taunts her by calling her a chicken, persuading her to follow. The group walks along as Tracey's Pokémon sense something nearby. Tracey uses his binoculars to spot a group of Caterpie. Ash wants to catch one, but Misty pulls him away. Tracey warns her of a Pokémon in her path as she stumbles across a hiding Pinsir, sending Misty running the other way. They continue along and Tracey's Pokémon spot something else. Tracey follows as they come across a badly injured Scyther on the ground, nearly passed out from exhaustion. Ash checks his Pokédex as Tracey steps forward to treat it. Scyther wakes up as Tracey tries to use a Potion, jumping back and assuming a battle position, but it is too weak to fight, barely able to stand. Ash steps forward to try to catch it. He throws a Poké Ball, but Scyther swats it away, falling to its knees before struggling back up. Ash attempts to send Pikachu to battle, but Tracey steps in with his Venonat. Tracey orders a Sleep Powder attack. Scyther tries to fly away and avoid the attack, but it falls back down, the attack hitting and putting it to sleep. Tracey tosses a Poké Ball, easily catching Scyther. Team Rocket is flying over the island in their balloon surveying the land. A Beedrill flies towards them and cuts through the balloon, bringing it down. Team Rocket gets out of the wreck and notices all the bug Pokémon around. They stumble across a Scyther swarm. The leader, denoted by two cuts forming a cross on its forehead, leads an attack on Team Rocket.At the Pokémon Center, Nurse Joy and Chansey work on Scyther. Ash and his friends watch through the window as Scyther glares at Tracey, seemingly mad at being caught. Chansey brings Scyther out of the room and takes it to recovery. Joy concludes that it lost its swarm leadership position from battling a younger Scyther challenger. The loss forced it to leave the swarm and live in exile unless it wins another leadership match. Ash calls Professor Oak, the professor commending Tracey. Oak points out that Scyther's self-esteem is probably low due to losing leadership and being caught. Oak suggests to Tracey to try to heal Scyther’s mood and get it back in shape.Team Rocket managed to outrun the Scyther swarm, but not without hits. Meowth and James notify Jessie that her hair was crudely cut short. After checking it, she is clearly outraged, wanting to confront the Scyther. Meowth stops her to help plan a method to capture the entire swarm. Meanwhile, Tracey tries to help Scyther recover, but it is resistant. Ash knows Scyther loves battling and that Tracey should work to help Scyther prepare for a rematch. Team Rocket watches the Scyther swarm resting at a pond. Jessie fires a bazooka loaded with yellow glue into the air, coming down and immobilizing the swarm. Meowth fires a net as the swarm cries out. Scyther hears the cry as Joy removes its bandages. Scyther flies up and crashes through the window, heading away. It crashes back to the earth, still weak. Tracey tries to stop Scyther, but it resists and flies away. Tracey and his friends follow.Team Rocket has the Scyther swarm in a net, Jessie beside herself in anger as she taunts the swarm. Tracey's Scyther cuts them loose and steps forward to confront Team Rocket. Ash and the others arrive, noticing Jessie’s hair and quickly making fun of her. Furious, Jessie brings out Arbok and Lickitung while James brings out Weezing and Victreebel. Ash sends out Pikachu as Weezing uses SmokeScreen to cover the field. Scyther blows it away with Swords Dance, but it is still exhausted. Meowth translates that Scyther came back not to challenge the leader but to protect its brethren. Team Rocket's Pokémon outnumber Scyther four to one and Pikachu tries to step in, but Scyther wards him away. Ash tries to order Pikachu in, but Tracey stops him to allow Scyther to prove itself. Meowth even joins the Pokémon to attack, leading the charge, but Scyther easily swats him away. Lickitung and Victreebel try to hit Scyther in a pincer attack, but Scyther flies up, Victreebel biting Lickitung. Arbok attacks from underneath Scyther, but Scyther uses Double Team to throw Arbok off, sending it back to the ground. Scyther lands and tries to rest as Victreebel attacks with Razor Leaf. Scyther stops the attack with its scythes as Tracey reveals how he knew Victreebel would use the move. Arbok attacks with Poison Sting as Scyther dodges. It collapses, low on stamina and unable to dodge the second Poison Sting. The new leader steps forward to stop the attack. The two Scyther team up and attack Team Rocket with Slash attacks against their Pokémon. Jessie tries to fire a bazooka, but Ash's Pikachu stops her with Thunderbolt. Scyther attacks Team Rocket and leaves them with mohawks. Team Rocket retreats.The Scyther swarm washes off the glue as the new leader and Tracey's Scyther give respect to each other. The swarm departs as Tracey's Scyther regains its confidence, joining Tracey. Tracey officially announces his catch as Ash tries to correct his style to resemble how Ash celebrates his catches.